Written by: Scott Silveri & Shana Goldberg-Meehan
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is on the phone, Chandler and Monica are sitting in
the living room, and Ross is in the kitchen as Rachel enters from her bedroom.]
Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back
like two hours ago.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance,
hes at Flimbys.Rachel: Whats Flimbys?Phoebe: Oh, yeah, thats the word I use when I cant remember the real
thing.Rachel: Okay. Hang up! Thats it! Come on!Phoebe: No! Rachel, thats what they want me to do. My warranty expires
tomorrow, if I dont get through, theyre not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone
for free! We cannot let them win! Its us versus them!Chandler: Ye-e-es!!
Joey: (entering) Hey.
All: Hey. 
Joey: Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
Chandler, Phoebe, and Rachel: I had one.
Monica: I need two. Im bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend
now!Joey: Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Ross: Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
Monica: Really? Whos number two?Chandler: Whos number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers
play.Ross: Uh, no, its-its just this person.Phoebe: Like a date type (looks at Rachel) person?
Ross: Yeah, kinda. Its this woman from work. I hope that wont be too
weird. Will it, Rach?Rachel: No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone
myself, soJoey: But you said one.
Rachel: I meant, me plus one!
Joey: Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
Ross: All right, Ill see you tonight.Joey: Okay.
Rachel: Okay, bye-bye!
Chandler: Bye!
Monica: Bye-bye!
(Ross exits)
Rachel: Okay, I need a date! (runs to her bedroom)
Joey: Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
All: Oh!
Joey: (to Chandler) And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes
it.
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?! Its never gonna happen, shes
seeing somebody.Chandler: Yeah, and I dont have any cologne.Joey: The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
Chandler: Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.
(In horror, Joey wipes his neck and smells it.)
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is getting ready to go to Joeys premiere and
Phoebe is still on hold.]Monica: (to Phoebe) Here you go. You can wear this. (hands her a sweater)
Phoebe: Thanks!
Monica: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Okay. (on phone) Ooh, Im setting the phone down. (does so) But
Im still here! Just dont go anywhere Im still here. (starts to put on
the sweater) Dont-dont switch or anything, cause Im, Im
right here. (She has pulled the sweater over her head, but her head is stuck in a sleeve.)
Just one sec. One sec! One second!! (She is now frantically trying to get the sweater on,
as Monica returns from the bathroom.) Wait! One second! JustMonica: Phoebe?
Phoebe: What?! Monica, Im scared!!Monica: All right. Honey, thats-thats a sleeve. Okay?Phoebe: Yeah.
Monica: And! We also have speaker phone. (She turns on the speaker phone.)
Hold Voice: Please, stay on the line. Your call is important to us.
Monica: Okay, wait, you gotta hang up cause were gonna be late.(Phoebe starts to hang up the phone, but)Hold Voice: Thank you for your patience, youre the next caller.Phoebe: Yes!! Yes!! Im the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.Chandler: (entering, carrying the chick and duck) Hey! Can you take a duck and a
chick to the theatre? 
Monica: Of course not.
Phoebe: No.
Chandler: Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.
[Scene: Joeys Premiere, Rachel is already there with her date, Tommy who's played
by Ben Stiller who will be in There's Something About Mary and Meet The
Parents, as Ross and his date, Cailin, arrive.]Ross: Hey, hey Rach!
Rachel: Oh, hi!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: How are you? (She goes to kiss him on the cheek, but stops because of
the dates and pats him on the shoulder.)
Ross: Good.
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: So its looks like were the first ones here.Rachel: Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
Ross: Yay!!
(An awkward silence follows.) 
Rachel: Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.
Tommy: Hey.
Ross: Hey. Oh, Im sorry, this is Cailin.(They all try and shake hands at once. They end up criss-crossing theyre arms to
shake each others hand, and Ross says)Ross: And! Break!!
(Awkward laughter follows.)
Rachel: Okay, uhh, I think Im going to run to the ladies room.Tommy: Okay.
Cailin: Ill join you.Tommy: Ill get our seats.Ross: Okay. (The girls leave.) (to Tommy) So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is
awkward.
Tommy: Yeah?
Ross: Well y'know cause Rachel and I used to go out.Tommy: Oh, I didnt, I didnt know that.Ross: Oh! Well then this is awkward. So what do you uhTommy: I think were here.Ross: Oh! Yeah. 
Tommy: Yeah.
Ross: Okay. (sees two people sitting in their seats.) Uh, huh. Excuse me,
Im sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.Man: Umm, no, I dont think so.Tommy: Can-can we take a look at your ticket?
Man: Sure. (Hands him the ticket.)
Ross: (looking at ticket) Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uhMan: Oh, well I thought that ahTommy: Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didnt really work out too
well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?!
Look youre surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!Man: Uh, the usher told us to comeTommy: Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go
through! Get out!! (They start to leave.) Here! (He throws him back his ticket.) (to Ross,
calmly) Hey man, you want the aisle?
Ross: No, Im good. (He sits down, stunned.)[Scene: The Theatre, at the post premiere party. The gang is already there, except
Phoebe. Joey runs in.]
Chandler: (seeing Joey) There he is!
Monica: Theres our star!Joey: So, so, whatd ya think?Chandler: Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Joey: I-I wasnt in that.Chandler: I know.
Joey: (sees Kate) Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody.
Everybody, this is Kate.
Monica: Hi!
The Director: (stepping in) Excuse me. Excuse me. (to Kate) Sweetheart! (Kisses
her.) Come! (They leave.)
Chandler: So thats the girl you like.Joey: Yeah.
Ross: (drags Chandler over to buffet table) Im telling you, this guy
Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think hes
baaad news!Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, you dont like the guy
Rachels dating? Well, thats odd.[cut to Joey, Rachel, and Tommy.]
Joey: Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kates understudy,
Lauren.Rachel: Oh, hi!
Lauren: Hey.
Rachel: Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
Lauren: Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right
after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
[cut to Monica, Pete, and Cailin]
Cailin: So. Howd you guys meet?Pete: Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months,
then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Monica: Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short
version.
[cut to Joey as Estelle, Joeys agent, approaches]Estelle: Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous! 
Joey: Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Estelle: How do you do. (to Rachel and Monica) Ooh, you two girls were
outstanding! (to Joey) Did they have representation?
Joey: No, they-they werent in the play.Rachel: Were not actors.Estelle: Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face (points to Monica) and her
chest (points to Rachel) I could really put something together.
Chandler: Could I borrow it?
[cut to later]
Cailin: (to Ross) Hi! Remember me?
Ross: Hi! Yeah! Tommys in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in
front of him, I think hes gonna snap. (Hes watching very intently)Cailin: Ross, Im gonna go.Ross: Go? Why?
Cailin: I dont know. Could be because I dont feel like standing
around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.Ross: But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Cailin: Good bye Ross.
Ross: Uh, oh-ho bye.
The Director: (entering carrying a newspaper) Here we go people! (starts reading
the review) Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la Ah-ha! Joey
Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this
production.Joey: Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
The Director: Kate Millers awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable.
(Kate walks away depressed.) Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by
Marshal Talmant is (stops, reads it again, and throws down the paper in disgust)
Thank you, boys and girls, youve ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces
with my Mothers crab cakes! (starts to leave) Excuse me!!(Joey steps in a picks up the paper, the gang all look at him.)
Joey: Anyone mind if I save this?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are returning. Phoebe is still on
hold.]
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, is the play over?
Monica: Yeah. Where were you?
Hold Voice: Thank you for your patience, youre the next caller.Monica: You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Phoebe: Nah. I kept myself busy.
(Both Rachel and Monica walk into their bedrooms, stop, and come back into the living
room with confused looks on their faces.)
Phoebe: Oh, okay, yeah. (to Monica) I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff
in your room.
(They both look at each other, nod their heads All right and follow their
stuff into their new rooms.)[Scene: The Theatre, after the party. Joey is trying to comfort Kate.]
Joey: Hey! Are you okay?
Kate: Fabulous.
Joey: Listen, drama critics theyre nothing but, but people who
couldnt make it as actors. You know what you should do?Kate: Become a drama critic!
The Director: (entering, drunk) I am hurt! (to Joey and Kate) A plague on both
your houses! (walks away)
Kate: By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.
Joey: Oh, classy. 
Kate: Yep! I sure know how to pick em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a
soap for this!Joey: Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Kate: Really. What?
Joey: Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. Well
stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.Kate: Why the Post?
Joey: Oh, you didnt see the Post?Kate: No. You?
Joey: No. Why?
[Scene: Kates Apartment, Joey and Kate are returning from a night out on the
town.]Kate: (drunk) So you really think those newspapers are just jealous of me?
Joey: Oh, absolutely! Youre talented and youre good looking.Kate: Oh, youre sweet and cute.Joey: I know! Thats why they trashed me!(They kiss.)
Joey: Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Kate: What?
Joey: I, I dont get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with
me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.Kate: What? So you never went out with an actress before?
Joey: Kate, do you even like me?
Kate: Of course I do.
Joey: Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Kate: I dont know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like
the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy Why cant I just pick someone
like you?Joey: Thanks.
Kate: You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, youre just
so, youre so, so (She passes out and slumps against his shoulder.)Joey: (Checks to see if shes drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay, okay,
hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go, lets get your feet
up there. (Looks at her) Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) Im
gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Phoebe is STILL on hold.]
Hold Voice: Please stay on the line. Youre call is very important to us.Monica: (entering from her bedroom) Pheebs, youve been up for 24 hours! Go
to sleep, honey. Th-this isnt healthy.Phoebe: No, no, Im fine, and yknow why? Cause of all the
riboflavin.Joey: (entering, happily) Hey!
Monica: Hey! Didnt you have that outfit on last night?Joey: Yeah! I stayed at Kates, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs,
where were ya?Phoebe: Im so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see youre
play. I swear youre play is very important to us, thank you for your patience.
Youre play is the next play is the next play Im gonna see.Monica: Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Joey: Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much
we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we
stayed up all night talking, and now were like totally crazy about each other!Monica: Joey, you had the night! 
Joey: What?
Monica: When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and
they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
Joey: You-you think?
Monica: Did you like learn about her family?
Joey: Two brothers, one died!
Monica: Yes!!
Joey: Yeah?!
Monica: Oh! (They hug, triumphantly.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are sitting on the couch, Rachel is on the
chair.]
Gunther: (bringing Chandler a cup) This is from the woman at the bar.
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho-ho. 
(He turns and looks at her. The woman whispers something to Gunther; who comes back and
takes the mug away from Chandler.)
Gunther: Sorry. She thought you were somebody else.
Rachel: What time is it?
Monica: One.
Ross: One.
Chandler: 7:15. (Monica looks at him) Watch doesnt work.Rachel: Tommys supposed to be here soon, were going to lunch.Ross: Look. Look, I wasnt going to say anything to you, but... All right,
I dont think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.Rachel: You dont?!Ross: No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from
him.
Rachel: Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
Ross: No, its not just cause Im jealous. (Both Monica and
Chandler give him a Come on look) I mean Im not, Im not, Im
not jealous, okay? Its Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at
this couple sitting in our seats.Chandler: Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just
started like, (claps his hands) banging his hands together!
Ross: Okay, fine, fine. You dont want to believe me? No, thats fine.
(starts to leave)Monica: Were kidding!Chandler: Ross, dont. Ross!Monica; Ross!
[cut to outside of Central Perk]
Ross: You dont want to believe me, Im Mr. Funny to you. Mr.
Funny (turns around and almost spills his coffee on Tommy)Tommy: Whoa!!
Ross: Whoa, sorry Tommy.
Tommy: Whats in the cup, Ross?Ross: UmmTommy: What is in the cup?!
Ross: Okay, its coffee.Tommy: Ice coffee? Tell me its ice coffee!Ross: Its-its hotTommy: Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me,
huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo,
huh?! Huh?! 
[cut to inside Central Perk, we see Ross quietly tapping on the window, desperately
trying to get the gangs attention, while Tommy is still screaming at him]Rachel: (not seeing Ross) Whats your favourite thing about summertime?Monica: Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Rachel: YeahTommy: (entering, finished with yelling at Ross, who follows him in shell
shocked) (happily) Hey!
Rachel: Tommyyyy! Say, whats your favourite thing about summer?Tommy: Ooh, I dont know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.Chandler: Ohh, thats a good one.(Ross is having a fit, about how calm Tommy is now)
[Scene: Backstage at Joeys play, Joey is arriving, late.]Joey: Sorry! Sorry, Im late; sorry, Im late! My duck and my chick
and a fight, it-it was ugly.Stage Manager: Look, we held the curtain for you buddy. Come on, lets go!
Lets go![cut to onstage with Lauren standing in for Kate, the doorbell rings.]
Lauren: (answering the door) Vic! Where have you been, baby?!
Joey: (surprised its Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Wheres Kate?Lauren: (whispering) She got a job in L.A.
Joey: (stunned) What?!
Lauren: Ive been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? (Joey
doesnt answer) Where have you been? Vic?!Joey: Oh, ahh, go to the window. Im wanna run down to the truck and show
you something.Lauren: (at the window, shes looking down out of the window) What do you
got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?Joey: (grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering)
When is she leaving?
Lauren: (whispering) Tonight. What are you doing?
Joey: (making like he is yelling up to the second floor) Im coming up![Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Ross are in the kitchen, Rachel and Monica
are sitting in the living room, and Phoebe is, you guessed it, still on hold.]
Tommy: Hey, mind if I use the phone?
Phoebe: Oh, I (starts jabbering incoherently)Chandler: Why dont you use ours across the hall, cause
shehasproblems.Ross: (coming out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee, almost running into
Tommy) Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
Tommy: Yeah, but you didnt.Ross: No, but its-its-its hot!(We see Tommy go into Joey and Chandlers apartment)Rachel: Ross, would you just stop it! Its getting really old.Ross: I cant believe no one believes me!Phoebe: I do, I believe you.
Ross: You do Pheebs?
Phoebe: Yeah. But I also believed her (points to the phone) when she said I was
next.
[cut to Chandler and Joeys apartment, Tommy is using the phone]Tommy: (noticing the chick) Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. (picks up the
chick) Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? (starts to pet him) Aww. (The chick poops on his
hand.) Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me,
Im so cute, Im a little chick whos disgusting! God, youre so
stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! (the duck wattles behind him and quacks) (to the
duck) Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!(We see the gang staring at him through the doorways.)
Chandler: Step away from the duck.
Tommy: Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand!
(starts to walk out and stops) (to Rachel) Well, I guess were not going out anymore.
Whaa!!!(He leaves the gang in stunned silence.)
[Scene: Backstage at Joeys play, Joey is changing for the next scene as Kate
arrives, carrying her bags.]Kate: Joey!
Joey: Hey!
Kate: Im soo glad I caught you, I couldnt find you before.Joey: Wh-wh-whats going on? Wh-whats this about L.A.?Kate: They still want me for General Hospital.
Joey: But, but wh-what about us?
Kate: Last night was wonderful. But I-I cant stay here just for you.Joey: Well, so, stay for the museums! 
Kate: Im sorry.Stage Manager: Joey, onstage!
Joey: Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, Ill go to
the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.Lauren: (yelling from onstage) Where are you Vic?
Kate: Flights in an hour. I-I gotta go.Lauren: Vic! Vic! Vic!!! 
Joey: (to Lauren) In a minute!!
[cut to the end of the play]
Lauren: So this is it? Victor?
Joey: Yeah, I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching, he turns Lauren so that he
can talk directly to Kate, but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen, I ah, I
gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick cause this is killing me. One thing
you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, youve got things you have to
do now, and so do I. And so Im gonna get on this spaceship, (smoke starts
pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the
side of it) and Im gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I
return, 200 years from now, youll be long gone. But I wont have aged at all.
(gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because
Adrienne, baby, Im gonna want to meet her.(The ladder retracts, taking Joey up into the spaceship for his voyage to Blargon 7,
and Kate waves good bye.)
Lauren: So long, Vic! (waving good bye as the ladder retracts)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang, except Joey, is there. Phoebe is, well you
y'know.]
Monica: Phoebe, its been two days.Phoebe: Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing its one of those 801 numbers. Right?Ross: Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
Phoebe: No, no, no, oh no-no-no, its has to be 800. (picks up the
instruction manual to check the phone number) Cause all those big companies have 800
numbers, every one. (Finds the number) Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.Rachel: Phoe-be!!
Phoebe: Sorry, Im so sorry, I will pay you back.Chandler: And yet, shes still not hanging up the phone.All: Hang it up! Hang up the phone!!
Phoebe: Fine! Fine! (slams the phone down, breaking it) Oh-oh!
Monica: What?
Phoebe: Well, I think I broke it. But thats all right, heres the
number you can call.Monica: (sarcastic) Oh.
End
