Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: A Theatre, Chandler and Ross are there to watch the premiere of Kathys
play.]Chandler: Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I
get to have sex with the star of the play!
Ross: People can hear you.
Chandler: I know!!
(The play starts.)
Chandler: Wow! She looks great. Doesnt she?Ross: Yeah.
(Onstage theres a knock on the door and Kathy opens it. We dont see
whats going on, only hear it.)Kathy's Co-Star: Hi!
Kathy: Hi!
Ross: That is one good looking man!
Chandler: Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Kathy's Co-Star: Sooo, youve been doing this long?Kathy: No, youre my first. Put the money on the table.(Ross and Chandler have stunned looks on their faces as Kathy and her co-star start
making out.)
Kathy's Co-Star: Oh, yeah! Ooh, thats nice. (They start making out
harder.)Ross: Dude!
Kathy's Co-Star: Is that an expensive blouse?
Kathy: If you want it to be. 
(Kathys co-star rips her blouse off and buttons go flying into the audience, and
one hits Ross. Chandlers mouth is on the floor.)Ross: Heres your girlfriends button. (Holding the button.)Opening Credits
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica is still unpacking after
the move, and Phoebe is their also.]
Phoebe: Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from
high school?
Monica: Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why? 
Phoebe: Well, its just that maternity clothes are so expensive.(Rachel enters)
Monica: Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If
you could just(Rachel grunts and throws her purse at it)throw your purses at
it.Rachel: Bloomingdales eliminated my department. (Phoebe gasps)Monica: Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Rachel: No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge
step down!
Phoebe: Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty
rich people and tell them what to buy?
Rachel: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: That sounds great!
Joey: (entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
Monica: Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You cant eat are food
anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.Joey: (Holding a turkey leg) Theres gravy?Monica: If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over
all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, thats your department now.
(She takes back the turkey leg)(Joey climbs up on the counter and starts looking at the top of the cabinets.)
Monica: What are you doing?
Joey: I think I left a donut up here.
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Chandler are entering after the play. Phoebe and Joey
are already there.]
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh! How was Kathys play?Ross: Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good
lookin guy.Chandler: Yeah, its like someone literally wrote down my worst
nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!Phoebe: Thats a good idea for a business!Chandler: Im totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on
stage every night, and then theyre gonna go to their cast parties and hes
gonna try to undermine me. Y'know itll be like, "So wheres your
boyfriend, whats-his-name, Chester?" And shell go, "No-no-no,
its Chandler." And hell go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"Joey: (to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
Chandler: All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Joey: Chandler, look theyre actors. Theyre there to do a job, just
cause they work together, doesnt mean theyre gonna get together. I mean
just cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesnt mean
its gonna happen with them.Ross: Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Joey: Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. 
Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe: Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
Ross: Theyre not a couple!Phoebe: Oh-okay, I get the game now.
Joey: Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on
stage, was it like really hot?
Ross: Oh yeah!
Joey: Well okay, so then youre fine. The rule is when two actors are
actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long
as its hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. Its when the heat goes
away, thats when youre in trouble.Chandler: Really?
Joey: Look, you guys have been to every play Ive ever been in, have I ever
had chemistry on stage?Ross: No.
Joey: Noooo!!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, the gang minus Monica and Rachel
are eating breakfast. Ross and Chandler are sitting at the foosball table and eating.]
Chandler: So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Ross: Yknow what, I dont know how comfortable I am going to see how
hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.Chandler: Yeah, I know butRoss: Oh no-no-no, Im there.Monica: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Monica: You made pancakes?
Joey: Yep! Grab a plate.
Monica: Okay. (She does so and starts to walk towards Joey to receive her
pancakes.)
Joey: No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which
flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin closer.Chandler: Okay, okay, but dont worry, because we also have cereals,
muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which Im fairly certain
are the same thing.Joey: Listen also were uh, were watching the game here Saturday
night, if people want to come over.Ross: Oh yeah!
Monica: Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
Joey: Oh yeah, whos playing?Monica: The players.
Ross: Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
Monica: (laughs) Please, its a relief is what it is, is what it is.Joey: All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Phoebe: Oh. (Joey flips the pancake and Phoebe catches it and throws it on her
plate.)
[Scene: Bloomingdales, Rachels new job.]Rachel: (on the phone) Monica, Im quitting! I just helped an 81 year old
woman put on a thong and she didnt even buy it! (Pause) Im telling you
Im quitting! Thats it! Im talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I
am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you
get this message. (Hangs up as her boss, Mr. Waltham, walks in.) Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah
really need to talk to you.Mr. Waltham: In a moment, please, Im in the middle of a task. And you have
a customer.(Its a really good-looking man, Joshua, that Rachel has an instant crush on. Well
actually its Tate Donovan, so its not like shes really testing her
acting skills.)Rachel: Hi!
Joshua: Hi, Im Joshua.Rachel: Hi, Im Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?Joshua: Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wifeRachel: Oh, Im so sorry.(He walks over to look and some clothes and Rachel quickly turns around and adjusts her
bra, trying to show off her assets.)
Joshua: Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This
suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Rachel: Well, at least thats a great suit.Joshua: Yeah, but it wasnt much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in
the skirt. (Rachel laughs) So I need everything down to underwear, so if youre
willing, Im all yours.Rachel: Okay.
Mr. Waltham: Rachel, you needed to speak to me?
Rachel: No-no, that wasnt me! (To Joshua) Well, we should get started. Let
me show you my underwear. (Joshua turns at that) The selection of underwear we carry.(He walks out and Rachel stares at his butt as he leaves. He makes a wrong turn.)
Rachel: Oh-oh, sorry, its this way, its this way. (Motions to the
correct way.)Joshua: Its this way? Sorry. (He walks past her and she again admires his
butt.)[Scene: Kathys play, Ross and Chandler are waiting for her in the lobby after the
play.]Chandler: Im right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them.
Before they had heat, and now theres no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey
told us what this means!Ross: All right, lets not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was
some sexual chemistry between them.Chandler: Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Ross: Here she comes. Dont say a word, okay? Just be cool, dont
bey'know you.Kathy: Hey you guys!
Ross: Hey!
Kathy: Hi! (Kisses Chandler) Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it
tonight?
Ross: Oh, absolutely! (Chandler mumbles something.)
Kathy: Wasnt Nick funny when he couldnt get his match lit?(Chandler laughs without opening his mouth.)
Kathy: Its a good play, isnt it?(Chandler mumbles something, and Ross tells him to "Come on.")
Chandler: Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly
youre having sex with him.Ross: Okay, I (Walks away.)Kathy: Clearly, Im having sex with him?Chandler: Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Kathy: Okay, so let me just get this straight. Youre accusing me of
cheating on you, and insulting my performance?Chandler: Yknow, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know youre
up there every night, youre naked, touching, kissing.Kathy: Acting! Chandler, this is my job! Im-Im playing a part in a
play! How can you not trust me?!Chandler: Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Kathy: Oh, wow. I cant believe youre throwing that in my face.Chandler: Well, that is what happened, and I dont even see you denying
this!Kathy: Ill tell you what, Chandler, why dont you call me when you
grow up!Chandler: Yeah, well, dont expect that to happen anytime soon!Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Phoebe, and Ross are there
eating pizza as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over
today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Phoebe: Rachel has a new doll.
Rachel: Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them
together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised
it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Ross: Uh, hello!
Rachel: Hi-e!!
Phoebe: Ooh, what do I smell?
Joey: I dont know, it smells good.(He goes over and opens the door to reveal Monica holding a plate of cookies and a fan
to blow the smell across the hall.)
Monica: Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Phoebe: Ooh! (They all go over to her apartment)
Monica: Please, have some!
Ross: Oh, yumm!
Monica: Yeah, Ive just been fiddling around in here making delicious
treats for everyone.Joey: (Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
Monica: Yeah, its just something I picked up.Ross: Cookies and porn, youre the best mom ever!!(Rachel laughs hysterically for no reason.)
Phoebe: What? What?
Rachel: Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be
there.
Ross: Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
Rachel: Its Joshua.Ross: Oh, whatever. (Laughs and gives Joey the thumbs up heading back to his
apartment. Joey follows him)
Monica: Wait! Wait! This isnt take-out!Phoebe: (getting up) Well, I hate to eat and run, butMonica: No, wait, please dont go! Ive got porn for you too!Phoebe: Yeah, I dont need it.Monica: People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Rachel: Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Monica: Im the hostess! Not those guys! Im always the hostess! I
mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought
their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.Phoebe: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone
has to hang out in the big apartment?
Monica: Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But
Im-Im done now. Theyve suffered enough.Phoebe: If you wanted to punish them, you shouldve just made them hang out
here!Rachel: Yeah, thats true.Monica: All right then, when Im done with this place, its gonna be
ten times better than that place!Phoebe: Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
(Chandler comes back, obviously drunk, and trips over the steps.)
Chandler: Steps! (He opens the door to his apartment to Ross and Joey looking at
the new Playboy) Slut! (Ross and Joey quickly hide the Playboy behind
their backs. Chandler wonders into the girls apartment.) You will all be very happy
to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!All: What?!
Ross: So you were right?
Chandler: I confronted her, and she didnt deny it! (Pause) I dont
live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)Ross: Chandler!
Rachel: Chandler, what did she say?
Phoebe: Wait a minute.
Joey: Come here.
Monica: Are you sure?
Chandler: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak
JuliesRachel: Beefsteak Charlies?Chandler: Yes! See you and I have always been like(motions that they think
the same.)[Scene: The hallway between the apartments, Monica is lugging one of those floor
polishing machines through the hallway. Rachel comes up the steps and stops when she sees
Monica.]
Rachel: Whoops. (Starts to go into Chandler and Joeys.) Oh, hey, do you
need help with that?Monica: Nah, I got it.
Rachel: Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum. (She goes into Chandler and
Joeys.)[Cut to inside the apartment.]
Rachel: Hi!
All: Hey!
Rachel: So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out.
Its just so frustrating!Phoebe: Why dont you ask him out?Joey: Oh, yeah, totally! Thats such a turn-on!Rachel: Really? It doesnt seem desperate?Joey: Oh-ooh, thats the turn-on.Phoebe: He just got a divorce right? 
Rachel: Hmm-mmm.
Phoebe: So hes probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you
just have to make the first move.Rachel: Yeah but, Ive never asked a guy out before.Phoebe: (shocked) Youve never asked a guy out?!!Rachel: No. Have you?
Phoebe: Thousands of times!! That doesnt make me sound too good does it?Rachel: I dont even know how I would go about it.Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say,
"Hey, how you doin?"Phoebe: Oh, please!
Joey: (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin?(Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.)
Rachel: You know what, Im gonna do that, Im gonna call him up, and
Im gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. (Practising) How you doin?
(Calls him) Hi! Joshua? Its Rachel Green from Bloomingdales.
(Listens) Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store
today? Well, we found a wallet, and we(Listens) the license? Well, that is a
good idea! Uh, well, lets see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh,
belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. Ill
see you tomorrow. Bye. (Hangs up) (to Phoebe) Youve done that a thousand times?Phoebe: Ive never done that.Rachel: Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Joey: Well, you gotta give him something that he cant say no too. Like uh,
Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, youre guaranteed hell say
yes!Rachel: Really?! You think that will work?
Joey: Absolutely! And if it doesnt, can I get the extra ticket?(We hear a noise coming from Monica and Rachels apartment.)Joey: What the heck is that?
(They go open the door and reveal Monica being spun around on the floor polisher and
getting the cord wrapped around her legs.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Joey, and Phoebe are
watching a movie as Chandler comes in from his bedroom.]
Chandler: Did she call?
Phoebe: No, sorry.
Chandler: All right, maybe I should call her.
Joey: No! Forget her, man! You dont need her, you dont need that!Ross: Hes right, what she did was unforgivable.Chandler: Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Ross: How might you be wrong?
Chandler: Well y'know, what if she didnt actually sleep with the guy?Joey: Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Chandler: She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat.
Back me up here, Ross!
Ross: Thats all youre basing this on?Chandler: Thats not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and
the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.Joey: Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! Theres a lot of theories
that didnt pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.Chandler: Oh my God!!
[Scene: Bloomingdales, Rachels new job, she is waiting for Joshua
and practising how to ask him out.]Rachel: Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? (Tries again.) You
know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too (Tries again.)
Umm, who likes the Knicks(Joshua comes in from the dressing room.)Joshua: What do you think?
Rachel: Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!
Joshua: Huh. (She starts brushing the lint off and checking him out in the
mirror.) Yeah?
Rachel: Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. (She puts her arm in his and checks how
they would look as a couple.) Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. (Pause) Umm, so you like
it?
Joshua: I do. I do. I love it. In fact, I think Im gonna wear it home.Rachel: Great.
Joshua: All right, thank you so much for all your help. 
Rachel: Sure.
Joshua: Well, I guess this is uh, I guess this is it.
Rachel: Yeah-eah-ha!
Joshua: Thanks. (He starts to leave) Maybe Ill see in the spring, with the
uh, yknow, for the uh, bathing suits.Rachel: Oh well, you dont want to do that now?!Joshua: Ah, thats okay, thanks.Rachel: Okay.
Joshua: Anyway, hopefully, Ill see you around sometime. (He goes out the
door.)Rachel: Basketball!
Joshua: (coming back in) Im sorry.Rachel: I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if youre
interested, just as a thank you for this week.Joshua: Wow! That would be great.
Rachel: Really?
Joshua: Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks!
This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel. (He takes the tickets and leaves as Mr.
Waltham returns.)
Mr. Waltham: Good morning.
Joshua: Hi!
(Mr. Waltham admires Joshuas butt as he leaves.)[Scene: Kathys apartment, Chandler is knocking on the door.]Kathy: (opening the door) Hey.
Chandler: Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that Im sorry.
Yknow? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely
understand why you were so upset.Kathy: Oh wow. I really wish youd call me.Chandler: Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but yknow I-I think this is a
good thing. Y'know? Cause weve had our first fight, and now we can move on.
Yknow, I know for me(Notices a pair of mens pants on the chair.)
Nicks pants?Kathy: Yeah.
Chandler: Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is debriefing Rachel on her
rejection earlier that day and telling her what she shouldve done. Ross and Phoebe
are watching.]Joey: Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Rachel: I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an
extra ticket.
Ross: So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Rachel: He didnt turn me down! Hes at the game isnt he? I got
the date, Im just not on it!Monica: (entering) Okay, its ready. Come on.Joey: Whats ready?Monica: Just come. 
(They all go over to her apartment.)
Ross: Oh my God!
Rachel: Wow! Monica!
Phoebe: Great!
Ross: This is beautiful!
(She has cleaned it, completely redecorated it, removed the carpet, and polished the
floor.)
Phoebe: Oh did youwhat did youdid you work for two days straight?Monica: Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Joey: I dont know, it looks the same.Monica: You used to have carpet.
Joey: Oh yeah!
Monica: So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? Im just gonna rest
my eyes just a little bit.Ross: Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
Monica: Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. Im always the
hostess.(Chandler returns.)
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Howd it go?Chandler: Well, she wasnt sleeping with him.Phoebe: Oh good!
Chandler: She is now.
Ross: What are you saying?
Chandler: Im saying that she is a devil woman! Yknow I mean
you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with
his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I
dont hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.Phoebe: How? How is your fault?
Chandler: Because, I-I shouldve called! Yknow if I had just called
her after our big, stupid fight, she never wouldve gone out with Nick, and they
wouldve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!Rachel: Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it
does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Ross: Well, if-if she thought they were on a break(They all turn and glare at him.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Bloomingdales, Rachel is sitting at her desk as Mr. Waltham
comes in.]Mr. Waltham: Rachel, one of your customers seems to have left his billfold. A
Joshua Bergen. 
Rachel: Really?
Mr. Waltham: Will you call him?
Rachel: Yes! I will! Absolutely! (She takes out his license and her license and
holds them face to face with each other. She then proceeds to act like Dark Helmut in Spaceballs,
and mimic a conversation between the two of them.) Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my
wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, Im glad.
Rachel, Id like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin?End
