Teleplay by: Wil Calhoun
Story by: Andrew Reich and Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: A beauty parlour, Rachel is getting a manicure while Chandler, yes Chandler, is
getting a petticure (Does that scare you that I know those terms?  Well, it scares
me.).]
Chandler: Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!  And you
said it was gonna be fun! (pause) Which it kinda is.  Also, you said there would be
other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Rachel: Chandler, theres a guy right over there. (Points to the counter)Chandler: Thats a mailman! Thats our mailman! (Waves to the
mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya?Rachel: Chandler, dont worry! This doesnt make you any less of a
guy! (Chandler starts blowing on his fingernails like women do.) That does!
(Chandler stops blowing.) What am I sitting on? (She looks and finds a huge nail.) I hate
to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.Chandler: Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
Rachel: Hmm.
Woman: OHMYGAWD!! (Yep, you guessed it. Its Janice.)Opening Credits
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Joey are standing at
the counter. Monica is flipping a light switch on and off next to the door.]
Monica: Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Joey: Ohh, Nothing.
Monica: Didnt it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it
did?Joey: I know what it did! Nothing.
Monica: They wouldnt have put it there if it didnt do something! How
can you not care?Joey: Like this. (Shrugs)
Rachel: Well, heres another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that
silver knob on the toilet does?Joey: Sure! It flushes it.
Rachel: Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind
actually using it?
Chandler: (entering, with Janice in tow) Hello!
Joey: Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)
Rachel: Guess who we ran into today?!
Monica: Janice?!
Chandler: Isnt this amazing?Monica: How have you been?
Janice: Oh well, Im divorced.Phoebe: Ohhh, wow.
Janice: Yeah, Im riding the alimony pony. (Does the now famous laugh.)Joey: And there it is.
Janice: I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! (to Chandler) And you,
sweetie, Ill see you tonight.Chandler: Okay. Bye.
Janice: Bye.
Chandler: Bye.
Janice: Bye.
Chandler: Bye.
Janice: Bye.
Chandler: B-bye!
Janice: Bye-bye.
Chandler: Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After its closed) I
cant stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)Phoebe: What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
Chandler: Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before
we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personalityWell, theyre all
back! Yknow? And shes picked up like nine new ones!Joey: So what are you doing bringing her here?! Theres people here!Chandler: Dont worry about it. Im taking care of it tonight.
(Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)Rachel: You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
Chandler: (standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I dont have to break
up with her this time. Were not involved! Im going to do a pre-emptive strike!
Im going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the
fridge.)Joey: Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around
and then back at Joey.) Im tellin ya![Scene: A street, Ross and Emily are walking home from a date.]
Emily: I cant believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such
stories about New York.Ross: No, its really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly
safe.(At that moment two very large men start screaming and running towards Emily and
picking her up.)
Ross: Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
Emily: No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. (Introducing
them) Liam, Devon, this is Ross.
Devon: Hey, mate.
Liam: How are ya man?
Ross: Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? (Imitating himself) Help! Help!
Emily: So how are you? Ive been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived
but umm, well, Ive been rather busy.Devon: Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that
U2 concert?
Emily: Oh my God. I think youre right.Liam: (puts his arm around her) Well, actually the last time you and I saw each
other was that morning.
Emily: Oh, Liam. (Ross laughs and takes her back.)
Ross: Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or somethingor
should I call it (In an English accent) football?Devon: We were playing rugby.
Liam: In fact were playing a game at the park tomorrow. Youre
welcome to play too if you want.Emily: (laughs) Ross play rugby? I dont think so.Ross: Whats ah, whats so funny about that?Emily: Well I mean, youre American to start with. You dont even have
rugby here.Ross: Well, we didnt have freedom here until 1776, either soDevon: So good then! Well see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!Liam: Cheers!
Ross: Cheers!
(Liam and Devon both take a swig of their beers, while Ross takes a swig of his coffee.
The Brits both crush their cans, and not to be out done, Ross crushes his coffee cup,
spilling its contents.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is attempting his pre-emptive strike.]
Janice: Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Chandler: Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were
complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Janice: Oh, look at us! Who wouldve thought that Cupid had a station at
14th Street Nails. (Does the laugh)Chandler: (laughs) Okay, we have to talk. Im just getting out of a very
serious relationshipJanice: I know! And Im just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about
meant to be!Chandler: Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
Janice: Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away
this time.
Chandler: I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me
overseas!
Janice: Oh no! Where to? (Gasps) Too Paris?
Chandler: No! No! Not, Paris. 
Janice:Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?
Chandler: Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) Yemen.
Thats right, yes, Im being transferred to Yemen!Janice: When?
Chandler: I dont know exactly.Janice: Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until
that moment comes.
Chandler: But I do know that its some time tomorrow.[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are plugging in
a bunch of electronics.]
Monica: Done?
Phoebe: Yep!
Rachel: (entering, with Joey) Hey!
Joey: Hey! Whats up?Monica: This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and
checked every outlet. Now, four of them dont work. Which means, one of them
has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets
that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out
which one it is.Joey: (to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.
Rachel: Yknow, you-you also couldve used uh, lamps and then
followed the light.Monica: Yeah, well, Im using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody
ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear
something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises its Joey.)Rachel: Its coming from Joey!Phoebe: Oh my God, thats so freaky! Turn him off!![Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are
watching rugby on TV as Phoebe enters.]
Phoebe: Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Ross: Oh, just hold on a second. Im watching this rugby thing on ESPN.
I dont know what the big deal is. Im man enough to play this sport.Joey: Dude, youre not even man enough to order the channel that
carries the sport.Janice: (entering) Hey there Ross!
Ross: (shocked) Hey!
Phoebe: (whispering to Ross) Janice.
Chandler: Yknow uh, you didnt really have to help me pack.Janice: Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and
the time you leave is packing, you didnt really leave me much choice. Did you?Chandler: Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Joey: Hey-hey, whats going on?Chandler: Oh, Im packing. Yknow Im-Im packing
cause Im moving to Yemen tomorrow.Joey: Thanks for telling me!
(Janice runs into the bedroom.)
Chandler: Im only going to pretend Im moving to Yemen, its the
only way I can get rid off her.Joey: Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Janice: (leaning in from the bedroom) Chandler! Come on, Im gonna show how
to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. Its a real space saver.Phoebe: Yeah, I know, I do that cause it makes me look taller.Janice: Okay, Chandler, come on!
Chandler: (to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me!
Joey: Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I cant believe you said
youd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!Ross: Hey, I can handle it! All right?
Rachel: Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.
Ross: Thats cause-cause youre moms dog kept-kept
looking at me.Joey: (pointing to the TV) Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here.
Thats called a scrum, okay? Its kinda like a huddle.Ross: And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
Joey: Ross! (Laughs) Theyre gonna kill you!Phoebe: Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Ross: Well, you shouldve seen the guy that she used to go out with. I
mean, hes like Joe Rugby.Phoebe: Youre kidding! And he plays rugby?! Thats so funny.
(Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.Ross: Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was
like hilarious. So Im gonna show her how tough I really am!Rachel: (starts laughing, Ross stares at her) Im sorry. Im sorry.
Youre right, you are a tough guy. Youre the toughest palaeontologist I know.Joey: All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! Its not like
hesChandler!Chandler: (from his bedroom) Thanks!
Ross: Look, dont worry about me. Okay? Ill just stay real energetic
and stay away from the ball. Ill uh, Ill be that guy right out of the circle.
(He points to a player who starts running and then gets viscously tackled from behind.)All: Oh!
Rachel: Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin at him.(Ross turns and wants to attack Rachel, but Joey stops him.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: The park, everyone is warming up for the rugby game. Only Joey and Phoebe came
to support Ross.]
Joey: Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points), and that guy
(Points). And that oneDude! Theyre all huge!Ross: They dont look any bigger than me!Joey: Well, maybe thats because youre closer to you. So you look
bigger to you from where you are.Emily: Im just going to say hi to the lads. All right?Ross: All right.
Emily: Okay. (Goes to say hi to the lads.) 
(A player comes over and picks up a ball in front of Phoebe.)
Phoebe: (to the player) Hi.
(The player stands up and smiles. Showing that he has no front teeth.)
Phoebe: Whoa! (The player leaves and to Joey) I kinda liked it.
(The referee blows the whistle and the players gather to start the game.)
Ross: Okay, I know what I have to do. Ive got to go Red Ross. (Joey and
Phoebe dont know what hes talking about.) Yknow, Red Ross!Joey: I totally dont know what youre talking about.Ross: Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and
that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all
red! Red Ross!!
Joey: No.
Ross: Youll see.[Cut to Emily, Devon, and Liam]
Emily: Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, its his
first time.Liam: You dont say! (We see Ross who is hopping about with the ball and
spikes it in his face.)Emily: (to Ross) Good luck, babe.
(The scrum forms and the game is underway.)
Liam: Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! (Ross gets pumped up.) Ross! Come on!
(Ross walks over to the scrum, walks around a bit looking for a way to get into the
scrum.)
Liam: Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
(Ross, urged on by his team-mates, jumps on top of the scrum and falls headfirst into
the middle, leaving his feet sticking straight up.)
Ross: JOEY!!!!!!
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachels, Monica is going over some
plans as Rachel enters.]Rachel: Youarenot going to believe it! Joshua came into work today,
and guess what happened?Monica: He asked you out?!
Rachel: No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.
Monica: Saucy!
Rachel: (refers to the table) What are these?
Monica: Electrical plans for the building.
Rachel: Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?
Monica: I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall
and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Rachel: Wow! If only more people knew.
[Scene: The airport, the Yemen Express counter, Chandler is still trying to get rid of
Janice.]
Chandler: Yknow you, really didnt have to take me to the airport.Janice: Oh please. Every moment is precious. Yknow? Besides, somebody had
to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends dont
really seem to care too much that youre leaving.Chandler: Well, were really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this
is uh, good-bye then.Janice: On no! No! Its not good-bye, Im not leaving until you get on
that plane.Chandler: Okay. Then I guess its just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign
that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.Ticket Counter Attendant: One ticket to Yemen?
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
Ticket Counter Attendant: Im sorry sir, I dont understand.Chandler: What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Ticket Counter Attendant: Are you travelling with a child?
Chandler: No. All right, yknow what, shes (Points to Janice) gonna
think that Im handing you a credit card, but what Im really gonna do is hand
you a library card.Ticket Counter Attendant: Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we dont
take library cards.Janice: Whats the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?Chandler: (to the ticket agent) American Express?
[Scene: The rugby game, Ross is getting killed.]
Emily: I cant believe theyre doing that to him! I told them to go
easy on him!Phoebe: No offence but, yknow sometimes its hard to understand you,
yknow with the accent, so(The whistle blows.)
Emily: Thats just halftime, theres more of this.(Ross limps over all covered in mud.)
Ross: Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
Emily: Right.
Ross: (to Emily) Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle
of water? 
Emily: Okay.
Ross: Thanks. (When shes gone he collapses into Joey.) I-I think Im
dying. I really do.Phoebe: Oh, poor baby.
Ross: (to Phoebe) Tell my son that I love him. (Emily returns with the water.)
Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
Emily: Ross, they are killing you out there!
Ross: (whines "No.") Thats not true!Phoebe: Shes right! You have to stop!Ross: What? No! No, Im not stopping. Im Red Ross!Joey: Dude, if you go back out there, youre gonna be Dead Ross!Ross: I dont care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!Emily: All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help
you.
Ross: No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
Emily: No. Thats not what Im saying. I just may know a few things
that might help you inflict some pain.Ross: I like that.
Emily: Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle. 
Ross: Huh?
Emily: One swift kick and hell back off.Ross: All right, bad ankle, got it!
Emily: And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh,
and David over there, I heard he doesnt wear a cup.Ross: Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
Emily: And uh, Liam, Liams got bad knees. You hit him right and hell
go down like a lamp.Ross: But-but, Liams on my team.Emily: I dont care! You just get him!Ross: Im gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! (Squeals like a
madman.)Joey: The Red Ross! Okay.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachels, Monica is reading a book as
Rachel returns.]Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Hi!
Rachel: (noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that werent there
originally.) What-what are-what are these?Monica: Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought theyd
brighten up the place. They do dont you think?(Rachel rips one of the wall and finds a huge hole underneath.)
Monica: No-no-no, no!
(Rachel rips off another one, revealing another hole. Rachel then moves onto a third
one, but this one doesnt have a hole underneath it.)Monica: I know that theres no hole there, I just really liked that
picture.(Rachel looks at it and then throws it away. She then removes a fourth one, revealing a
third hole.)
Rachel: Oh my God! Look at this!
Monica: Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is
connected to something!
Rachel: I dont care! The wires have come loose in your head!Monica: I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it
did.
Rachel: And did you?!
Monica: No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there,
I thought it went downstairs.
(Rachel removes a paper on the floor which is covering a hole and gasps.)
Monica: But it didnt. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.Rachel: Oh my God.
Mrs. Chatracus: Hello darling.
Rachel: Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.
[Scene: Central Perk, They are returning from the rugby game, Joey and Emily are
carrying Ross.]
Phoebe: Now, are you sure you dont want to go see a doctor?Ross: Oh no! That-thatll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I
was great! This is a great day! Yknow what? Im buying everyone coffee. All
right? If someone would just grab my wallet, its in my pocket.Joey: Yeah, sure.
Ross: No, not you. (Emily gets it.)
Joey: Uhh, look, your eyes still popping out a little, Im gonna go
get some ice.Phoebe: Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! (They go and get the coffee and
the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.)
Emily: You were amazing out there.
Ross: Oh, I kinda was, wasnt I?Emily: Oh my God!
Ross: I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I havent done that since I
was four and I washed my dads Porsche with rocks.Emily: You really enjoyed yourself didnt you?Ross: Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody
noseI mean I-Im not proud of it but, I really am. And its all because of
you, wonderful, amazing you.Emily: I think youve got concussion.Ross: No, no, Im serious. Thank you.Emily: Youre welcome. (She hugs him tightly and he winces.) Im
sorry. Did I hurt you?Ross: Its worth the pain. (She goes to hug him again.) Yknow what,
you know what? Its not.[Scene: The airport, the flight to Yemen is being called.]
Ticket Counter Attendant: (on the P.A.) This is the final boarding call for
Flight 664 to Yemen.
Chandler: Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Janice: Oh, my Bing-a-ling. Ill wait for you. Do you even know how long
youre going to be gone?Chandler: Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
Janice: Oh. Well, Ill right you everyday. (Reading the address) 15 Yemen
Road, Yemen.Chandler: Okay, good-bye. Good-bye. 
(He gives the agent his ticket and walks onto the jetway. Janice walks over and looks
out the window. Chandler walks back into the terminal and tries to walk right past Janice,
but she sees him.)
Janice: Chandler?
Chandler: No!
Janice: Chandler! 
Chandler: Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and
also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Janice: No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Chandler: Well, I then guess Im going to Yemen! Im going to Yemen!
(To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?Closing Credits
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachels, Monica has finally given up
on her search to find what the light switch does and is now flicking it on and off
aimlessly.]Monica: All right. The super couldnt figure out what it did. A $200 an
hour electrician couldnt figure out what it did. Ive had seven pretty serious
shocks. I officially give up.Rachel: Thank God.
Monica: I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.
[Cut to Chandler and Joeys, Joey and Phoebe are watching TV. The TV is turning
off and on, and each time Phoebe is blinking her eyes like the Genie did. The switch
obviously controls the outlet which the TV is plugged into.]Phoebe: See? Im doing it. I am totally doing it. (Suddenly it stops
working.) I lost it.End
