Written by: Seth Kirkland
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Frank and Alice are there talking with Phoebe.]
Phoebe: Oh my God! I cant believe my little brother is married!Frank: Oh I know!! (Both he and Alice squeal hysterically)
Phoebe: You guys, why didnt you tell me you were eloping?Frank: Cause it just sorta happened, yknow we were at the
courthouse, we were having lunchPhoebe: Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse? 
Frank: We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like,
"Hey! Y'know, were here, having lunch lets get married!Phoebe: Wow, a year and a half ago I didnt even know I had a brother, and
now I have a sister too. (They all hug, and Frank and Alice start kissing.) Okay. Okay.
Stop it, dont. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?Frank: Uhh, yeah.
Alice: Weve been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got
engaged, we thought wed get a jump on things, yknow no ones getting any
younger.Frank: See the thing is umm, were not able to yknow, uh, conceive.Alice: And weve tried everything, weve seen a bunch of doctors.Frank: Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby
is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into
another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
Phoebe: (shocked) Thats a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy
boat.Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are trying to throw cards
into a vase.]
Joey: (entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (Hes
wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.Chandler: I dont know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.(The gang is stunned.)
Ross: What?
Chandler: Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Rachel: But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Chandler: Well, you-you know what I meant.
Monica: No, you messed it up. Youre stupid.Chandler: So what job did you get Joe?
Joey: Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Rachel: Well, how can you be a tour guide, dont you have to be a dinosaur
expert or something?Joey: No, not really. They give you all the information, its uh, its
like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have
Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.Chandler, Monica, and Rachel:  Great!! Thats great!Ross: Uh actually Joey, its the Cretasous period.Joey: Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!!
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
All: Oh my God!!
Phoebe: And! And, theyre gonna have a baby! (The gang is shocked.) And!
And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. (The gang is stunned into silence.)Ross: My God!
Monica: Are you serious?
Phoebe: Yeah
Joey: Youre really thinking about having sex with your brother?!Phoebe: Ewww! And "Oh no!" Itsthey just want me to be the
surrogate. Its her-its her egg and her sperm, and Im-Im just the
oven, its totally their bun.Joey: Huh.
Monica: What did you tell them?
Phoebe: Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to
think about? Im gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.Chandler: Youre gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play
Station?Rachel: Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are
things to think about.
Monica: Yeah, like youre gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.Phoebe: I know!
Ross: Pheebs, youre talking about putting your body through an awful lot,
I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and its all for somebody else!Phoebe: Yeah, whats your point?Ross: Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Rachel: Wow! I dont know if I could ever do that. I always figured the
first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be akeeper.Phoebe: Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim
furniture.
Joey: No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, well be supportive
like crazy.All: Yeah.
Monica: We just want you to think it through.
Rachel: Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody whos had a baby. Like
your mom?Phoebe: My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Kathy are kissing.]
Kathy: Umm, (moves her hands down to his butt) I love this touchy. Can I
take it to work with me?Chandler: Oh, yeah, sure, its not mine anyway. It can with the pants.Kathy: Oh! (They kiss and she leaves)
Monica: I am so jealous.
Rachel: You guys are really rightthere arent you?Chandler: Yes. Right where?
Monica: In the beginning where yknow its all sex and talking and sex
and talking andChandler: Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
Monica: And the sex?
Chandler: All right, we havent had sex yet. Okay, whats the big
deal? Yknow? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the
next level.Rachel: Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
Ross: That is really nicelying! No way is that the reason!Rachel: Why? Just because youre not mature enough to understand something
like that?!Chandler: No, hes right, Im totally lying.(Ross makes an "I was right, and you werent face." And Rachel does
Rosss little Im-flicking-you-off-but-Im-not-giving-you-the-finger
banging of the fists.)Monica: Then what is it?
Chandler: Well, Kathys last boyfriend was Joey.Ross: And youre afraid you wont be able tofill his shoes.Chandler: No, Im afraid I wont be able to make love as well as him.Ross: Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Chandler: Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
Monica: So big deal, so Joeys had a lot of girlfriends, it doesnt
mean hes great in bed.Chandler: We share a wall! So either hes great in bed, or she just likes
to agree with him a lot.Monica: Sweetie, with you its gonna be different. The sex is gonna be
great, cause you-you guys are in love.Chandler: Yeah?
Rachel: Yeah!
Ross: Just go for it Chandler.
Monica: Yeah, you should.
Rachel: Yeah, you should, really.
Monica: Go on.
Chandler: All right, all right, Ill go sleep with my girlfriend. But
Im just doing it for you guys.[Scene: The museum, Joey is giving a tour to a bunch of school kids.]
Joey: Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Smart Kid: Isnt the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?Joey: Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a
fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display
cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave
Hi to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at
work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your
mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.[Scene: Phoebe Sr.s house, theres a knock on the door.]Phoebe Sr: Its open! Come in!Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe Sr: Hi!
Phoebe: Im sorry, Im late.Phoebe Sr: Oh, thats okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.Phoebe: Wow! You really go all out when youre expecting company.Phoebe Sr: No, I was working on my pottery.
Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didnt know that you didpot.Phoebe Sr: Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and
erotica.
Phoebe: Ooh, erotiery!
Phoebe Sr: Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just
thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person.
YknowPhoebe: Okay.
Phoebe Sr: I really dont think its a very good idea, Phoebe.Phoebe: Why not?
Phoebe Sr: Well, because youd be giving up a baby, and I-I really
dontI dont know if theres anything I can say that could make you
understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm, (Picks up a puppy in the box next to the
couch.)Phoebe: Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Dont-dont hurt the
puppy.Phoebe Sr: No-no-no, the-the puppys yours.Phoebe: Oh, I get a puppy!!
Phoebe Sr: Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe Sr: I realise I dont have any right to start get all parenty on you
and everything now, but umm, (Sees that Phoebe isnt paying attention and is busy
mimicking the puppy.) uhh Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy,
its very important.Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe Sr: I mean, I know what Im talking about. I gave up two babies, and
I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible
it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every
single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it
would be like a million times harder to give up a child. (Phoebe is playing with the puppy
again, and not listening) I really shouldnt have given you the puppy first.Phoebe: All right, Im sorry.[Scene: The museums worker cafeteria, Joey is eating lunch with the rest of the
tour guides. Another tour guide tries to sit down in a seat Joey saved for Ross.]Joey: Uhh, do you mind sitting there. Im-Im saving this for my
friend Ross.Tour Guide: You mean Dr. Geller?
Joey: Doctor? Wow! I didnt know he had a nickname.Tour Guide: Oh, he wont sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit
over there, (Points to there table) and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.Joey: Well, how-how come?
Tour Guide: Thats just the way it is.Joey: Thats crazy.Tour Guide: Maybe its crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats
and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in
the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but
now(Turns around) Peter! Hey, Peter! Its me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my
puddin which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! (to Joey) See, he pretend
he dont even here me!Joey: I-I think everybodys pretending they dont hear you. Anyway,
look, I dont know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is
one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, Im telling you, he will sit
in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I
saved you seat.Ross: Thats okay, Im cool over here. Ill catch up with you
later, Joey. (Joey is shocked.)(Another woman enters without a coat or blazer and tries to sit at the blue
table.)Tour Guide: Op, this is saved. (Joey wonders why) Gift shop.
Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is eating dinner, Monica and Rachel are sitting on
the couch.]
Ross: (entering) Hey, uh, Im really, really sorry about what happened in
the cafeteria today.Joey: Its no big deal. Hey, yknow, you do what you gotta do. Right?Ross: But hey, its not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never
sit together.Joey: Whatever.
Ross: Its like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where
you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other
chefs, right?Monica: I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Joey: Look, Ross, really its-its no big deal. Yknow you wear a
white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we cant be friends at work, then so
be it. Yknow, hey I understand. Yknow? Hey, when Im in a play and
youre in the audience, I dont talk to you, right? So its yknow,
its uh, its cool. Ill see you tomorrow. (Leaves)Rachel: Yeah, when were in the audience he doesnt talk to us, but he
does wave.[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Phoebe is there with her puppy and is
trying to sing it to sleep as Chandler enters.]
Chandler: Hi.
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Phoebe: Ooh, yknow what, I think its time for puppy to go out again.
Come on, lets go to the balcony.Monica: What?!
Phoebe: Umm, the street. Come on, lets go to the street. Ooh, listen,
dont go onto the balcony until after I get back. (Leaves)Monica: (to Chandler) So, did you do it?
Chandler: Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Monica: Uh-oh, it was bad?
Chandler: It was fine, yknow? But she didnt agree with me as
strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, Im all
right with it."Monica: Well, it was the first time. Yknow, theres not always a lot
of agreement the first time.Rachel: Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree (snaps her fingers) like that.
Chandler: Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a
woman, yknow, I know where everything goes, its always nice. But I need to
know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebodys killing her in
there!"Monica: All right, Im gonna show you something a lot of guys dont
know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All
right. NowChandler: Look, you dont have to draw an actual wowhoa! Shes
hot!Monica: Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling
them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out theres more than
three), five, six, and seven!Chandler: (shocked) There are seven?!
Rachel: Let me see that. (Monica shows her) Oh, yeah.
Chandler: (Points to one) Thats one?Monica: Its kind of an important one!Chandler: Oh, yknow-yknow what, I was looking at it upside down.Rachel: Well, yknow, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that
couldve meant.)Monica: (continuing) Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set
up camp.
Chandler: That-thats bad?Rachel: Well if you go to Disneyland, you dont spend the whole
day on the Materhorn.Chandler: Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Monica: All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit
em all, and you mix em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.Rachel: Oo, toes!! Well, for some people. (Chandler eyes her and her toes.)
Monica: All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3,
5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7,
6-7, 7, 7..77-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7(mouths 7)! (They both lean
back on the couch satisfied.)[Scene: The museum cafeteria, Joey is eating with the tour guides as Ross enters.]
Older Scientist: Dr. Geller, theres a seat over here. (Motions to
an empty chair at the white table.)Ross: Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but Im having my lunch at this table, here
in the middle. Im having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if hell
sit with me.Joey: (standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table
and they shake hands.)
Ross: Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something
unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and yknow
what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in
blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these
coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. (He takes off his coat
and throws it down.) Im Ross! Im divorced, and I have a kid!Joey: (stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) Im Joey! Im an
actor! I dont know squat about dinosaurs!Another Tour Guide: (standing up and removing his coat) Im Ted, and I just
moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.Ross: All right, there you go!
Joey: Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!
Older Scientist: Im Andrew, and I didnt pay for this pear.Ross: Okay, good-good for you.
Tour Guide: Im Rhonda, (motions to her breasts) and these arent
real! (Joey and Ross look at each other, shocked)Ross: Wow, Rhonda.
Another Scientist: Im Scott.Ross: Yeah, okay, Scott!
Another Scientist: And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times
before I leave a room or my family will die.
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, with the puppy, Monica, and Rachel are sitting on the
couch.]
Phoebe: My moms gonna be here any minute. I cant do this, I
cant give him up. Yesno, I can. I dont want to. But I can. No.Rachel: Oo, I cant watch this, its like Sophies Choice.Monica: Yknow, I never saw that.Rachel: Ooh, it was only okay.
Phoebe: Ooh, I cant do this. My mom was right. If I cant-if I
cant give him up, then theres no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and
Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ema
kidney!Alice: (entering with Frank) Hi!
Frank: Hi!
Alice: Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, soFrank: Yeah, so we just thought wed stop by and let you know theres
still no pressure.Alice: None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, were just
gonna be right over there (points to the counter) having coffee.Phoebe: Okay.
Frank: (noticing the puppy) Oh, whos this little guy?! (Grabs the puppy)Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Umm!
Frank: Oh, hes so cute, he reminds me of my old dog, Tumour.Alice: You are so precious, I could just take you home.
Phoebe: Hey, why dont you?Frank: Are you serious?
Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah!
Frank: Oh, thanks.
Monica: What are you doing?
Phoebe: No, Im really okay with this. Yknow why? Cause look at
them, and I made that, so I know its gonna be like a million times harder to
give up a baby but, oh my God, its gonna feel like a million times better, right? I
wanna do this. (To Frank and Alice) I wanna carry your baby.Alice: (shocked) Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You dont know what this
means to us! Oh!Frank: Oh my God, I think Im gonna cry!Monica: Its gonna be so great.Phoebe Sr: (entering) Hi! Whats going on?Phoebe: Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided
Im gonna carry their baby.Phoebe Sr: But PhoebePhoebe: No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is
a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
Phoebe Sr: Oh, I-I-I understand all that, but its justthat was my
puppy.Phoebe: Oh!
Closing Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are sitting at the table.]
Monica: Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
Rachel: It depends on who asked.
Monica: What if I asked?
Rachel: Oh, Mon, sure.
Monica: Really?
Rachel: Yes. (Pause) Youre not asking are you?Monica: No.
Rachel: Yes! Totally!
(Kathy runs in, hair all out of place, and hugs Monica.)
Kathy: Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you! (Runs back to
Chandler)
End
