Written by: Scott Silveri
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.]
Ross: Hey! 
Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Im sorry Im late, did I miss anything?Phoebe: Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth. (Joey, with an obvious
mouth full, nods yes.)
Ross: 15? (Joey nods again) Your personal best! (Ross takes an Oreo and
Joey mumbles, no!)
Phoebe: Where were you?
Ross: Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum
upstate.
(simultaneously) 
Chandler: Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Phoebe: Oh, which museum?
Phoebe: (just Phoebe) No, answer his.
Ross: Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the
door, so shed have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my
mercy.Chandler: Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Ross: No, Im getting back down cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She
seems really great, but shes like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours
away.Chandler: How can she be great if shes from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they
all look at him) That joke wouldve killed in Albany.Joey: Done! I did it! Heh, whos stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie
remains all over his teeth.)Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.]
Chandler: Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) Theyre lighting the big
Christmas tree tonight.Phoebe: Umm, that papers two weeks old.Chandler: All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really
wanted to take Kathy to this, I cant believe I missed it.Rachel: Hey, yknow, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate
being alone this time of year! Next thing you know itll be Valentines Day,
then my birthday, then bang!before you know it, theyre lighting that damn tree
again. Ohh, I want somebody! (hearing this, Gunther moves in)
Yknow, I want a man!! (Gunther leaves depressed) I mean, it
doesnt even have to be a big relationship, yknow, just like a fling would be
great.Chandler: Really?! I didnt think girls ever just wanted a fling.Rachel: Well, believe me, its been a long time since Ive been flung.Joey: Well, I know what Im giving you for Christmas.Chandler: Yknow what? Theres some nice guys at my office, do you
want me to set you up?Rachel: Yeah! Wait a minute, its been a long time that Ive been
single. How come you never offered this before?Chandler: Well, I have a girlfriend, Im-Im happy. So, I no longer
feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.Rachel: Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I dont like
guys with boring jobs.Chandler: Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
(Monica enters)
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Whats wrong Mon?Monica: Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Phoebe: Oh.
Monica: I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I
get off work and I find out that they wrote this (puts on her chef hat) on my chefs
hat. (The hat says Quit, bitch)Phoebe: Hey, maybe they meant to write, Quiet, bitch.Rachel: Hey, honey! Whats the matter? (Monica shows her, her hat.) Fine, I
was just trying to be nice! Whoa!Monica: I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they
had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. (Joey laughs and
Monica glares at him.)
Joey: Ohhh!
Monica: I mean theyre trying to do everything they can to make me quit,
and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something Ive been waiting for
my whole life.Rachel: Well, wait a minute, youre the boss! Why dont you just yell
at them? Or, fire them?Monica: I would love too, but I cant! I mean I just cant, you know
that Im not good at confrontation.Chandler: Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director,
I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so
he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, whos boss.Joey: Hey, Mon! Im not doing anything, why dont you fire me?Monica: Thats a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?Joey: Good enough to get fired.
Monica: All right, youre hired!Joey: Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy
direct Burger King commercials?
Chandler: (he glares at him for a while) Yes.
[Scene: Chandlers office, he is trying to find Rachel a date.]Chandler: I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him)
Og-ee-op, Im not asking for me, Im I mean No, Im-Im
not gay, Im not asking you out. Im not-Im not-Im not gay!Drew: I didnt think you were gay. I do now.Chandler: See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Drew: Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, Im not looking for any
thing serious.Chandler: Oh, yknow what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a
fling, that might be all right with Rachel.Mike: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas
party, Rachel?
Chandler: (to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Mike: Oh wow! Im free for her!Drew: Oh, wait a second! I didnt say I wasnt free!Mike: Hey, Chandler, why dont we talk this over at the Ranger game
tomorrow?Drew: Hold on, yknow I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I
bring them by your office around uh, five?Chandler: Oh well, thats uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to
stay, but sure!Mike: Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch
Basel Hadens.
Chandler: Well, I dont really know what that is, but lets!![Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is working on a new song.]
Phoebe: Hey! You guys, Im writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want
to hear it?Monica, Rachel, and Joey: Yes!
Phoebe: (singing) Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey!
Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
Rachel: Pheebs, thats great!Phoebe: Oh, yay!
Rachel: But yknow umm, Rachel doesnt rhyme with draddle.Phoebe: I know but its so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!Joey: What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail.
Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Phoebe: All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a
nickname thats easier to rhyme?Monica: Didnt your dad used to call you Pumpkin?Rachel: Oh yeah!
Phoebe: Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
Chandler: (entering) Hello, children!
All: Hey!
Chandler: (to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Rachel: Really?!
Chandler: Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing
themselves at me! Theyre buying me drinks! Theyre giving me stuff! (to Joey)
Knicks tonight?Joey: Sure! Where are the seats?
Chandler: Wherever! Ive got like 20!Rachel: So, will I like any of these guys?
Chandler: Yknow what, Im gonna uh, play the field just a little
more.Rachel: Chandler!
Chandler: Guys are signing over their 401-Ks to me?Phoebe: (shocked) You work with robots!!
Chandler: (pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, theres this one guy, Patrick, I
think youre gonna like him, hes really nice, hes funny, hes a
swimmer.Rachel: Ohh, I like swimmers bodies!Chandler: Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit
cards.
Rachel: Op, I like credit cards!
Chandler: See, Im not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?Rachel: Well, so what does he do?
Chandler: Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
Rachel: Your company has a fine foods division?
Chandler: Its a big company, I dontif youIJoey: Now, wait a second! You make food and robots?
Phoebe: No! No, the robots just work for them.
Monica: (getting up) All right, Im gonna go to work. Does anybody have a
problem with that?Joey: Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!
Monica: You want a problem? Ill give you a problem!Joey: Oh, what are you gonna do? Youre gonna fire me?Monica: You bet your ass, Im gonna fire you! Thank you.[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, and Chandler are there.]
Ross: Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
Chandler: Oh yeah! With who?
Ross: You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I cant decide
between the two of them. Yknow the one from Poughkeepsie, even though shes a
two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this
other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Yknow shes, well
shes-shes just as pretty, I guess shes smart, shes not
fun.Phoebe: If shes no fun, why do you want to date her at all?Ross: Well, I-I want to give her another chance, yknow? She lives so
close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that
wasif she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasnt kidding,
shes not fun, shes stupid, and kind of a racist.Joey: (entering) Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey, man!
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Joey: (checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
[Scene: Allesandros, Monica is cooking.]Joey: (entering from the dining room) Hey.
Monica: Hey.
Joey: Hey, what happened to your fancy chefs jacket? (sees theres a
burn spot on it)Monica: They baked it. I cant take this anymore. Im gonna call a
meeting tonight, Im gonna fire you tonight.Joey: You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens
to be over her breast.)
Monica: What are you doing?!
Joey: Its still a tiny bit on fire there.Monica: Thanks. (Joeys still patting the burn spot) I think you got it![Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is there.]
Rachel: (entering) Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!
Chandler: Well, like father, like son.
Rachel: Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this
could maybe turn into something serious.
Chandler: Really?! I-I thought you werent looking for something serious? I
thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.Rachel: Well, y'know, possibly. (pause) You didnt tell him that, though?
Right?Chandler: Ummmmmmmm, no.
Rachel: You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You dont tell
the guy that!Chandler: Why not?! Id be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just
looking to getoh I see.Rachel: Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting
out on the first dateoh, hes so gonna get the wrong idea.[Scene: Allesandros, Joey is eating some cheese.]Monica: Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Joey: Yeah. Listen uh, Id prefer it if you didnt call me Joey. Since
I dont know anyone here, I thought itd be cool to try out a cool work
nickname.A Waiter: (entering) Hey, dragon! Heres your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
(hands him two envelopes)Joey: (opening an envelope) Theres like-theres like 300 bucks in
this one!The Waiter: Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never
hurts to wear tight trousers.
Monica: Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonights specials?
Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bagWhy is
nobody writing these down?The Waiter: Because we can remember them.
Monica: Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like
you did the other night?
The Waiter: Well, sure, that too.
Monica: Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right heres the
thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, (quietly) tried really hard to create a positive
atmosphereThe Waiter: Cant hear you!Monica: (louder) A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. (She
holds her hand over her head as an afterthought.) From now on, it is gonna be my
way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! (Joey looks at
the money hes holding, and doesnt speak up.) Hey new guy! I said, does anybody
have a problem with that?!Joey: No maam.The Waiter: Hey! He has a name, its Dragon. Do you wanna know your name?
Check your hat. (to another waiter) We did the hat right? (The other waiter nods yes.)Commercial Break
[Scene: Allesandros, continued from earlier. The other waiters are gone and
Monica is confronting Joey about his not speaking up.]Monica: What the hell happened?!
Joey: I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there
with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking,
"Wow! Its been a long time since I had (tries to do the math in his head,
but cant) 327 + 238 dollars!"Monica: Joey, we had a deal. That-thats why youre here! Ive
got to fire you!Joey: And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You dont fire me,
instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and theyll start listening to all the nice
things Ive been saying about you.Monica: What kinda things have you been saying?
Joey: Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is working on her holiday song, Chandler is sitting on the
couch reading a magazine, and Ross is sleeping on the couch.]
Phoebe: (singing) Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merryChandler: (interrupting) Oh, yknow, yknow what Pheebs?Phoebe: What?
Chandler: Im not Jewish, soPhoebe: So! Ross doesnt really decorate his tree with
floss, but you dont hear him complaining do you? God! (Phoebe hits her guitar which
wakes up Ross with a start.)Chandler: Bad dream?
Ross: I wasnt sleeping.Chandler: Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebes song about?Ross: The one with the cat. I gotta go, Ive got another date.Phoebe: So, did you pick one yet?
Ross: No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a
different joke than I thoughtit wasnt that funny. So Im still torn.Phoebe: Well look, you dont really like the one from uptown and
youre too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end
them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your
way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, youre
done!Ross: Yknow, youre right. Thank you.Phoebe: Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Chandler: Prague?
Phoebe: Theres sooo much you dont know.[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing living room golf as Rachel enters.
Rachel sees this and holds the door open until Chandler is ready to start his swing, when
he is, she slams the door shut which causes the club to fly from his hands. He turns
around, shocked.]
Rachel: Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not
tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Chandler: I did! I absolutely did!
Rachel: You idiot!!
Chandler: Im sure youre right, but why?Rachel: You dont tell a guy that youre looking for a serious
relationship! You dont tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!Chandler: Oh, man. Im sorry, Im so-so sorry.Rachel: Yknow, you should never be allowed to talk to
people!Chandler: I know! I know!
Rachel: Oh! See just Im right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being
alone, sucks! (She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)Chandler: Well, yknow, youre-youre gonna meet somebody!
Youre a great catch! Yknow when I was telling all those guys about you, I
didnt have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)Rachel: Really?
Chandler: Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
Rachel: No.
Chandler: Oh, it doesnt matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey,
yknow what, Ive got two tickets to tonights Rangers game, you wanna come
with me?Rachel: Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
Chandler: Well, actually its a hockey team, so its angry Canadians
with no teeth.Rachel: Well that sounds fun too. (They hug.)
(pause)
Chandler: Have you ever been with a woman?
Rachel: What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
Chandler: So there is no good time to ask that question.
[Scene: A train to Poughkeepsie, Ross is asleep against the window.]
The Conductor: The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!
The Woman From Poughkeepsie: (outside Rosss window) Ross? Ross!
(she knocks on the window) Wake up! Ross! (the train starts moving) Ross! Ross!! Ross!!!
Ross!!!![Scene: Allesandros, Monica is cooking.]Monica: I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me
some more swordfish?
Kitchen Worker: I dont speak English.Monica: You did a minute ago!
Kitchen Worker: Well, I dont know what to tell ya!Monica: Fine!
(She goes into the freezer to get it herself, and leaves the door open. The waiter from
earlier comes by and closes the door.)
Monica: Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, Im cold!
(She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door
opens)The Waiter: You found that handle, did ya?
Monica: Thats not funny.The Waiter: Well thats not true.Monica: (starting to cry) Im a good person. And Im a good chef, and
I dont deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Yknow what, if you want me
to quit this bad, then all you have to do isJoey: (interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Yknow that little speech you made
the other day? Well I got a problem with it!Monica: You do?
Joey: You bet I do! I just ah, wasnt listening then, thats all.Monica: Well if you want a problem? Ill give you a problem!Joey: What are you gonna do? Youre gonna fire me?Monica: You bet your ass Im gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get
out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How bout you Chuckles?
You think this is funny now?The Waiter: No.
Monica: How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh?
You think its funny now?The Waiter: No, its really good.Monica: Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, (to the kitchen worker from
earlier) And you! Get the swordfish! (to another assistant chef) And you! Get a haircut!
[Scene: The train, its pulling into a station.]The Conductor: Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.
Ross: (waking up) What? (notices that there is now a beautiful woman sitting
next to him)
Woman On Train: I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that
I see them, I win.
Ross: What?
Woman On Train: Were at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?Ross: (now fully awake) Are we really in Montreal?!
Woman On Train: Yes we are. So, coffee?
Ross: Coffee sounds great. (They get up) Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?
Woman On Train: Oh, no. But its just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.[Scene: Allesandros, Joey is coming back in with his coat on.]Joey: Well I guess I shouldve thought about my wife and kids before I
talked back to chef Geller!Monica: Thanks.
Joey: Yep! Looks like its gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon
house this year.Monica: Enough!
Joey: (leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
Closing Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing her holiday song.]
Phoebe: (singing) "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap.
                               
Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap.
                               
Said all you need is to write them a song.
                               
They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along.
                               
No, don't sing along.
                               
Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah.
                               
Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross.
                               
And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!
                               
And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"
Happy holidays, everybody!
End
