Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is there eating breakfast. Chandler is cleaning
out his wallet.]
Phoebe: Hey! New wallet, huh?
Chandler: Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just
doesnt say cool anymore.Monica: Rachel!
Rachel: What?
Monica: You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
Rachel: Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.
Monica: Have you ever taken out the trash? (Hands her the garbage.)
Rachel: Well, I thought you liked doing it. (Rachel starts out the door
and stops.)
Monica: Third door on the left.
Rachel: Right!
[Scene: Garbage room: Mr. Treeger is unclogging the trash chute as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.
Mr. Treeger:: Hey.
(Rachel opens the trash chute, winces at the smell, and throws the garbage bag in. She
then tries to throw the pizza box in, but since its so big she jams it into the
opening and it prevents the door from closing. She then turns around too see Mr. Treeger
watching her.)Mr. Treeger:: What are you doing?
Rachel: Ummm. Oh! Im sorry. (She grabs the box and offers him a piece.)
Its a little old butMr. Treeger:: No! Youre clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour
unclogging!Rachel: Im sorry. I didntI dont come in here a lot.Mr. Treeger:: Oh yeah, of course you dont!Rachel: No.
Mr. Treeger:: Cause youre a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a
pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy
Birthday to me"Rachel: I didnt I never said that.Mr. Treeger:: You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will
come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why dont think of someone else for a
change?Rachel: (starting to cry) Okay, Im sorry. (Runs out still carrying the
pizza box.)[Cut to Monica and Rachels apartment as Rachel returns in tears.]Monica: God! If youre gonna cry about it! (She grabs the box and goes to
through it out.]Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Continued from earlier, Rachel is now telling everyone of
her experience in the garbage room.]
Joey: Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
Rachel: Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true. 
Joey: Im gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.Monica: Joey, please dont do that. I think its best that we just
forget about it.Rachel: Thats easy for you to say, you werent almost just killed.Joey: All right thats it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the
door.)Monica: (Picking up a card from Chandlers wallet.) My God! Is this a gym
card?Chandler: Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but Ive
missed the last 1200 times.Ross: So why dont you quit?Chandler: You dont think Ive tried? You think I like having
50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down
there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they
bring out Maria.Ross: Who is Maria?
Chandler: Oh Maria. You cant say no to her, shes like this lycra
spandex covered gymtreat.Ross: You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Chandler: No!
Ross: So youre strong enough to face her on your own?Chandler: Oh no, youll have to come.[Scene: Treegers apartment, Joey knocks on the door and Treeger opens it.]Mr. Treeger:: Tribbiani! Hold on, Ill get the plunger.Joey: Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now,
youre gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the
landlord.Mr. Treeger:: And tell him what?
Joey: Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act
of 1968!
Joey: I have actually not heard of that.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. Ive been a
nice guy up until now, but uh, I dont need this grief. Im gonna call the
landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmothers
apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.Joey: Why dont you tell me something I dont know! (He storms out,
and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an Oops! have.)[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, everyone is still eating
breakfast.]
Phoebe: Oh please, somebody tell me I dont have to go to work today!Monica: Whats the matter?Phoebe: Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every
time I see him I just want to do things to him that Im not allowed to charge for.Monica: So do them for free.
Phoebe: Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling
around with clients. And its against my oath as a masseuse.Ross: They make you take an oath?
Phoebe: No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and
umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that ones actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just
makes good sense.Chandler: Why dont you just give him to somebody else?Phoebe: No, I can handle it. No, Im a professional. (She starts to leave)Rachel: Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
Monica: Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Chandler: Because thats the only part of you he can see when hes on
the table!Monica: Youre gonna do some feet flirtin!Phoebe: I dont what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to
leaqve)Ross: Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Phoebe: Because its Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone![Cut to later, Joey is returning from talking to Mr. Treeger.]
Rachel: Oh! My hero! What happened?
Joey: Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like
that and that hed better come up here and apologize. Ill see you later.
(Starts to leave)Monica: What a minute, what did he say?
Joey: He said that he wasnt gonna apologize because you guys are living
here illegally, so instead what hes gonna do is have you evictedIll see
you later.Rachel: What?! You got us evicted!!
Monica: I told you not to go down there!
Joey: Well he made Rachel cry!
Monica: Rachel always cries!
Rachel: Thats not true! (Starts to cry.)Monica: Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like
youve never sucked before!Joey: All right! Ill try! But if I cant, you can stay with Chandler
and I until you get settled.Rachel: Go!!
Joey: All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns
around) I mean Ill have to check with him first, but Ill think hell be
cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)[Scene: Chandlers gym, He and Ross are there to cancel his membership.]Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be
strong.
Chandler: Yes. (In a stronger voice) Yes!
Ross: One more time, "Hey, dont you want a washboard stomach and rock
hard pecs?"Chandler: No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Ross: Good! Thats good!Chandler: Okay. (They go inside) (To the guy at the desk) I wanna quit the gym.
Gym Employee: You wanna quit?
Chandler: I wanna quit the gym.
Gym Employee: You do realize that you wont have access to our new full
service Swedish spa.Chandler: (He turns to Ross and Ross makes a Be strong sound.) I
wanna quit the gym.Gym Employee: Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. (Both
Chandler and Ross start to make their way to the membership office.) Uh, excuse me, (to
Ross) are you a member?
Ross: Me? No.
Gym Employee: Sorry, members only.
Chandler: (horrified at the prospect of trying to quit alone and unsure about
himself) I wanna quit the gym.
Ross: Its okay man, be strong. (Chandler goes into the office.)Gym Employee: (to Ross) So, are you a member of any gym.
Ross: No! And Im not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.Gym Employee: Okay, no problem. (To someone out of the picture) Could you come
here for a second?
(This gorgeous woman in spandex walks up)
Woman: Hi, Im Maria.(Ross is at a loss for words.)
[Scene: Heeling Hands Inc., Phoebes work, she is giving a massage to the guy,
Rick, she likes.]Rick: (looking at her feet) Wow, you have really pretty feet.
Phoebe: These old things.
Rick: Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, its been
killing me today.Phoebe: You mean theOkay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.Rick: Yeah.
Phoebe: Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in
the siadic area can get yknow, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm,
tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.Rick: Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.
Phoebe: Oh. (She goes to work, and her head slowly drops out of view.)
Rick: Ow! Did you just bite me?
Phoebe: No!
[Scene: Mr. Treegers apartment, Joey is there to suck up.]Mr. Treeger:: What?
Joey: Please dont kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasnt there
fault, it was mine.Mr. Treeger:: You want me to kick you guys out instead?
Joey: No you cant do that, where would the chick and the duck live?Mr. Treeger:: You have pets!
Joey: Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. Im the chick and Chandler is the
duck.Mr. Treeger:: Huh, I wouldve thought it was the other way around.Joey: Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, Ill do whatever you want.Mr. Treeger:: Really? Youll do anything?Joey: Yeah-yeah, absolutely.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, Ive got something you can do.Joey: What, what is it?
Mr. Treeger:: Can you be my dancing partner?
Joey: Thats not, prison lingo, is it?Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is telling Monica and Rachel what he has to do.]
Monica: His dancing partner?!
Joey: Yeah, theres this superintendents dance, the Super Ball. I
dont know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that hes a crush on.Rachel: Well, why doesnt he practice with a girl?Joey: Well, hes too shy, he doesnt thing hes good enough to
dance with girls yet.Rachel: Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down thatgarbage chute.
(Starts to cry)Monica: Oh, would you let it go already?! Youre fine!(Chandler and Ross enter)
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: Hey! So, did you quit?
Chandler: No, I almost did, couldnt leave Ross there without a spotter!Monica: Wait, now so you joined the gym?
(Rachel starts to laugh.)
Ross: And thats funny, why?Rachel: Oh, umm, I was just yknow working out and umm Oh,
thats it.Chandler: Were doomed. Okay, theyre gonna take 50 bucks out of our
accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?Monica: Well, you could actually go to the gym.
(Chandler and Ross both laugh)
Ross: Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at
the source.
Chandler: Youre a genius!Joey: Aww, man, now we wont be bank buddies!Chandler: Now, theres two reasons.Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
Rachel: Where?!
Phoebe: On the touchy.
Ross: And thats not against your oath?!Phoebe: No, I know! I-Im sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna
throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.Monica: Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract
yourself.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when Im doing something exciting and I
dont wanna get too excited, I just ahh, yknow try to thing of other
things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!Chandler: Thank you, Joey.
Joey: No-no, thank you.
[Scene: Treegers apartment, Joey knocks and Mr. Treeger opens the door.]Joey: All right, Im here, lets ahh, get this over with.Mr. Treeger:: Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead. (Turns on some music)
Joey: Whoa-whoa, dont we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like
ahh, get really drunk?Mr. Treeger:: Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.
(Joey does so, and they both start dancing. Treeger tries to spin Joey, but ends up
throwing him into the door.)
Mr. Treeger:: Ahhhh! Im sorry!Joey: No, its okay, but if Im Marge, my breasts are coming out my
back.Mr. Treeger:: Ahh, forget it! Ill never be any good at this, my mom was
right, Im just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.Joey: Come on man, youre not a potato.Mr. Treeger:: Im sure as hell a dancer, its no use Marge will never
go for me.Joey: Come on Treeger, dont say that. You just ahh, you just need more
practice. Here, come on, lets ahh, lets try it again. Come on. (they start
dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, yknow,
Im not really that comfortable dancing with a(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!Mr. Treeger:: Yeah!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Monica are sitting at the table as Joey
enters.]
Monica: Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Joey: Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a
little dance step on the way.)
Rachel: (laughing) What was that?
Joey: What?
Rachel: You just did a little dancy thing.
Joey: No I didnt.Monica: Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
Rachel: You are soo enjoying this.
Joey: No, Im not! And it wasnt a hop it was a pademarie.Monica: (laughing harder) You know the words! You are so into this!
Joey: All right, well maybe Im enjoying it a little bit. I mean Im
getting pretty good at it.Rachel: Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
Joey: Hey-hey, hold on, this isnt some kind of like girly dance. All
right, its like a sport, its manly!Monica: All right, then show me some manly moves.
Joey: All right.
(They both get up and Monica expects Joey to take the lead, but he doesnt, and
they fumble around for a little bit.)Joey: I dont know how to lead.[Scene: Ross and Chandlers bank, they are there to close their accounts.]Ross: Hello.
Chandler: Hi.
Ross: Wed like to close our accounts.Bank Officer: Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?
Ross: No-no.
Chandler: No, wed just like to close them.Bank Officer: Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. (to a beautiful woman)
Would you come over here please?
Ms. Lambert: Hi, Im Karen.Chandler: I wanna quit the bank!
[Scene: Healing Hands, Inc., Phoebe is giving Rick a massage.]
Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay,
slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little Oh nowait no, no!
No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Ricks
pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, thats working.(The camera zooms in on the clock on the wall and it reads a quarter after one. Time
lapse. The clock now reads 3:30, and Phoebe is still giving Rick his massage.)
Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Chandlers knees. Chandlers
ankles. Chandlers ankle hair. (notices the clock) Oh no. (to Rick) Okay, youre
all set.Rick: Oh wow! That was amazing, was that really just an hour?!
Phoebe: Yeah! In really long hour world.Rick: What?
Phoebe: Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because youre a
client, I cant ask you out, even though you give me yknow, the feeling.Rick: Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse. 
Phoebe: Really?!
Rick: Yeah, really.
(They start to kiss, then Rick stops suddenly.)
Phoebe: What?
Rick: Suddenly, I very aware that Im naked.Phoebe: (laughs) Okay, quit down. (they start to kiss again)
(Suddenly, Phoebes boss, Mrs. Potter, and a client, Mr. Simon, enters.)Mrs. Potter: Mr. Simons been waiting for(sees Phoebe and Rick) Oh my
God!Mr. Simon: Why wasnt I offered that? Id definitely pay more for
that.Mrs. Potter: Phoebe, we have rules here, this isnt that kind of place.Phoebe: Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isnt what it looks like,
cause Rick is my ahh, husband.Mrs. Potter: Oh really? Well, then youd better tell his other wife,
cause she called three times asking where he is.Phoebe: Yes, I will tell her.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Ross are telling Joey, Rachel, and Monica of
their bank woes.]
Monica: So you didnt leave the bank?Ross: No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
Rachel: What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Chandler: To pay for the gym.
(Phoebe enters)
Chandler: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started
making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Joey: What?!
Rachel: You got fired?! 
Monica: Oh my Gosh!
Phoebe: Its so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!Rachel: Sweety...
Phoebe: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next,
yknow? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these
policemen, thought I was a whore too. Its been a really bad day, whore wise.(Theres a knock on the door and Chandler answers it.)Mr. Treeger:: Hey Duck, is Chick here?
Chandler: Yeah Bunny-rabbit.Joey: (To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, but yknow, I think the reason were not getting
that spin right is because my apartments too small.Joey: Look, you wanna use our place?
Mr. Treeger:: No, I ahh, had another idea.
[Cut to the roof, where Joey and Mr. Treeger are dancing happily to ^Night and Day^.]
Joey: We did it!!
Mr. Treeger:: I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
Joey: I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Mr. Treeger:: Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, (checks watch). Oh my
God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
Joey: Oh well, okay, good luck.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.
Joey: Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
Mr. Treeger:: Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think Im ready to dance with
girls.Joey: Okay.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.
Joey: Go get em Treeger.Mr. Treeger:: Right. (Starts to leave) Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a
girlfriend.
Joey: (intrigued) Really?
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, you could dance real good with her, shes the same size
as me.Joey: No, Im good.(Treeger leaves, and Joeys dances off.)Closing Credits
[Scene: Lara and Jenis Massage, Phoebe is interviewing for a job.]Interviewer: So it looks like youve got some great experience here.
Lets see ahh, reason for leaving last job?Phoebe: Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
Interviewer: Okay, well give a call if anything comes up.Phoebe: Great! Thank you very much.
(The interviewer watches her leave with an Oh my goodness face.)End
