Story by Mark J. Kunerth 
Teleplay by Richard Goodman 
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching TV, and we
hear Mr. Treeger in the bathroom.]
Mr. Treeger: Ohhh, man!!
Joey: (coming in from his bedroom) What is that?
Chandler: Treegers snaking the shower drain.Mr. Treeger: What in the name of hell?
Joey: Maybe he found you flip-flop.
(Joey sits down and changes the channel, and we see two people making out.)
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I mustve hit something on the
remote.Chandler: Do we pay for this?
Joey: No, we didnt even pay our cable billmaybe this is how they
punish us.Chandler: Maybe we shouldnt pay our phone billfree phone sex.Joey: Maybe we shouldnt pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he
just said.)Mr. Treeger: (coming in from the bathroom) Whoa, hey, that ladys all kinds
of naked.Chandler: Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Mr. Treeger: Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the
channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Chandler: Like finding money with naked people on it!
Mr. Treeger: Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back
again. And Im sad. (Exits.)Joey: (to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that morning. The porn is
still on, there are three women getting ready to shave the chest of some guy. Joey and
Chandler are wondering why that guy is letting them shave his chest, and Monica and Rachel
are eating breakfast at the foosball table.]
Rachel: All right, yknow what, come on, do we really have to watch this
while we eat? (She makes a move for the remote.)Joey and Chandler: (stopping her) Oh no-no-no-no!
Chandler: We dont know what could make this go away.Joey: Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
Chandler: And no one touches the air around the TV!
Joey: Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?
Monica: Well at least, Im going to mute it.Joey and Chandler: Oh no-no-no! (Monica mutes the TV and they tentatively look
behind them)
Chandler: We still have porn.
Joey: Hey.
Phoebe: (entering, carrying her massage table) Hi!
Monica: Hi!
Rachel: Honey, what are you doing? Thats too heavy.Phoebe: Yeah.
Rachel: Give it here. (She takes the table.) Oh, God. (And gives it to Monica
right away.)
Monica: Okay.
Phoebe: Ohh, Im getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid
massage table. Yknow, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table. (She
goes over and stands in front of the TV.)Chandler: Or a job where you dont have to carry a table.Phoebe: You mean like a doctor?
Joey: Pheebs! Youre blocking the porn! Look out!Phoebe: Ohh! (She moves.) Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN
today.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.]
Ross: Hi.
Monica: Hi.
Ross: So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
Monica: Oh. Why didnt you take her?Ross: Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And yknow, we-we
said our good-byes this morning, soMonica: You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
Ross: (Thinks about it.) Nah.
Monica: Hey, cheer up! Youre gonna see her again, right?Ross: Well I, thats the thing, I dont know! I mean, whenever I
brought it up with her she said, (In a British accent.) "This is so fantastic! Why do
we have to talk about the future? Lets just enjoy"Monica: (interrupting him) No-no-no, dont-dont do the accent.
Youve got to see her again.Ross: And why do you care so much?
Monica: Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
Ross: You had fantasies about Emily?
Monica: No! Yknow, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land,
fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.Ross: Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that
Ukrainian kid?
Monica: Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Ross: Ahh.
Monica: Do you love her?
Ross: We said it was only going to be two weeks, yknow?Monica: You love her!
Ross: What-what is love really?
Monica: Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport
and tell her. Youre probably just gonna catch her just as shes about to go to
the gate. Youre gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And
shes gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most
amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.Ross: I am a good kisser.
Monica: Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to
heat up, and then a stewardess comes in (Ross looks at her.) Ive been watching
too much porn.[Scene: Beth Israel Medical Center, Phoebe is at her OB-GYN doing an ultrasound, Rachel
is with her. We here the babys heartbeat.]Rachel: Is that the heartbeat?
The Doctor: Thats it.Phoebe: Oh my God!
Rachel: Oh wow! This is so cool.
(The heartbeat changes, and we hear a different one.)
The Doctor: Have we talked about the possibility of multiple births?
Phoebe: Why dont take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again,
Ill hold onto your card, okay?The Doctor: No, Im getting three separate heartbeats.Phoebe: Three? You guys were worried I wouldnt even have one!The Doctor: Doctors are wrong all the time.
Phoebe: Well, yeah.
Rachel: Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
The Doctor: Definitely. (Points out each head on the ultrasound.)
Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months
Im going to have three full grown babies just walkin around inside me?! Oh!
Oh! And its gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!The Doctor: Actually, giving birth to three babies isnt that different
from giving birth to one.Phoebe: What do you know?!
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there, waiting to tell Frank and Alice the news.]
Alice: (entering) Oh-oh, Phoebe!
Phoebe: Ooh! Hi!
Alice: Hi! (She runs over and hugs Phoebes stomach.) So, how did it go at
the doctors?Phoebe: Oh well, okay, hey, yknow how when youre umm, youre
walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh,
thats nice?"Frank: Yes.
Phoebe: Okay, yeah well, good news, youre going to have three babies.Alice: Three babies?
Frank: I finally got my band!
Alice: Were gonna have a big family, Ive always wanted a big family!Phoebe: Oh God, Im so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were
going to be all freaked.Frank: Why would we be freaked?
Phoebe: No, no maybe cause its harder to raise them, and the added
expense, andFrank: (Theyre less than happy now) Oh.Alice: Right.
Phoebe: No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Alice: No-no-no, no, its going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach
Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Yknow
itll-itll be like my very own little sweatshop.Frank: Yeah, Ive been thinking ever since you said we were having
triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.Alice: No, Frank.
Phoebe: No you cant quit college! No! Youre in college? Really?Frank: Yeah, refrigerator college.
Alice: Yeah.
Frank: Yeah, yknow when we found out we were going to have a baby,
yknow I figured yknow like I should yknow have like a careerand I
love refrigerators!Phoebe: You cant give up on your dream.Frank: No, its okay. Were-were gonna have three kids! And
thats-thats a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.[Scene: The airport, Emily is getting ready to board her flight to London.]
Ticket Agent: (On the P.A.) This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
Ross: Emily! (Runs up.)
Emily: Oh my God! What are you doing here? (They hug)
Ross: I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.
Emily: You are so sweet. (They kiss.)
Ross: Thats, thats, thats a big candy bar. (Shes holding
one of those huge Toblerone bars.) I had the most amazing time with you.Emily: Me too.
Ticket Agent: This is the final boarding call for Flight 009.
Emily: Well, that me. (They kiss again.) Here, have this. (She gives him
the candy bar.) Im only allowed one piece of carryon anyway. (She starts towards the
jetway.)Ross: (stops her) Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm,
Ive been thinking, Im just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I
think I love you.Emily: Oh. (Shes shocked and hugs him.) Thank you. (She boards the plane.)Ross: Thats no problem.Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Rachel is singing some kind of
song.]
Rachel: Whats that song? It has been in my head all day long.Chandler: Its the theme from Good Will Humping.Rachel: Yknow who doesnt even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend
Joshua.Joey: Yeah right.
Rachel: No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Chandler: Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was
corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Rachel: Yes!
Joey: Yeah, he likes porn.
(Rachel starts to leave.)
Monica: Where ya going?
Rachel: Im going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too
skinny. (As she exits, Phoebe enters.) Hey, Pheebs!Phoebe: Hey.
Joey: Hey!
Monica: How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Phoebe: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is
having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I
want to talk to you (Points to Chandler) about, cause you work for a big company.
Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.Chandler: They dont really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get
you some free white out though.(Ross enters.)
Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Ross: I did.
Monica: And well, what did she say?
Ross: Thank you.
Monica: Oh, youre totally welcome! Whatd she say?Ross: She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she
said, "Thank you."
Chandler: Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Joey: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
Ross: What do I do now?
Joey: You play hard to get.
Ross: She already lives in London.
Joey: Then you go to Tokyo.
Chandler: All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her,
its over.Monica: It is not over! Youre over!Chandler: What?
Monica: You know!
Chandler: Okay. (Pause) Good one.
Monica: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves
you. And the reason why she couldnt, is because her feelings were so strong, it
scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the
plane! Come on now go! Go! (Tries to push Ross out the door.)Ross: Okay! Okay! But if she doesnt call, it is definitely over! No, wait.
Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, yknow just to she whats going on, and,
and she says shell call me back, but then she doesnt. Then its
over.(Joey holds his fist up, and Chandler gives him two thumbs up.)
Joey: Way to be strong, man!
(Ross leaves, and after the door closes, Joey gives him the loser sign.)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Joey enter having
just woken up.]
Rachel: Hey!
Chandler: Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn
break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
Rachel: Well, so, why dont you just turn it off?Chandler: Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.
Phoebe: (entering carrying a case) Ooh, good, youre hear! Okay.Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hi!
Rachel: Well, what-what cha got there?Phoebe: Oh this, well Im glad you asked. (She opens the case and removes a
knife and an soda can.) Now, dont you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an
ordinary steak knife? (She efficiently cuts it in half.) Ahh! Now, I know what youre
thinkingChandler: Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
Monica: Phoebe, they didnt make you pay for those knives, did they?Phoebe: No!
Monica: Are you sure?
Phoebe: No!
Rachel: Honey, youre not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice
just by selling knives.Phoebe: No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second
part of my plan.
Chandler: Whats the second part of your plan?Phoebe: My Saturn dealership.
[Scene: Rosss bedroom, he has fallen asleep waiting for Emily to call. He is
awaken by the phone.]Ross: (Answers the phone.) Hello?
Emily: Ross.
Ross: Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?
Emily: It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those
wonderful things.
Ross: No, no, that-that, thats all right. Umm, Im just glad you
called.Emily: Ross umm, theres something that Ive got to tell you,
theres-theres someone else.Ross: Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross is relating his recent
conversation with Emily to the gang.]
Ross: She doesnt know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.Monica: This isnt how its supposed to go, there cant be
another guy.Ross: WellMonica: Of course theres another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you
have to prove your love!Ross: Im not proving anything. Okay, Im done listening to you. If I
hadnt let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never
wouldve put my fist through the wall!Chandler: You put your fist through the wall?
Ross: No, I missed and hit the door. But, it opened really hard!
Monica: You have to go to London!
Ross: What?
Monica: Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
Joey: Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. Cause you already told her
you love her and she didnt say it back, then she called you and told you that
theres another guy, so yeah, go to London thatll scare her!Monica: When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Ross: I made fun of his accent.
Monica: You sat back and let him have her, you didnt fight at all. Am I
right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?Ross: No.
Monica: All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be
you and Emily! (Points to the TV.) That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
Ross: Really?
Monica: Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Dont let her go
without a fight!Ross: All right. All right, Im gonna do it!Monica: All right.
Ross: Im gonna, Im gonna go to London and Im going to fight
for her.Monica: Okay, good luck!
(Ross starts to leave.)
Joey: Ross! Ross! If youre going to the airport, could you pick me up
another one of those Toblerone bars? (Chandler nods his head no.)[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Joey, and Chandler are
sitting and talking as Phoebe and Rachel enter.]
Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! Im
gonna open up my own massage place and Franks gonna help me! And! We can work it
around his schedule so he doesnt have to quit school!Monica: Thats sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?Rachel: Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys
used for catering and we realisedPhoebe: Im telling it! Im telling it!Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need
massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the
massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know
what Ive got?Chandler: A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Phoebe: No! Think about it, its a taxi that people take when they need to
relax, itsRachel: (interrupting) Relaxi-Taxi!
Phoebe: The name was my favourite part!
Rachel: Well, well I can up with it!
Phoebe: YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! Thats
not good.Rachel: Well, I(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)
Monica: Hello.
Ross: (on phone) Hey.
Monica: Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
[Cut to Ross in one of those British phone booths.]
Ross: No, because she hasnt come home yet. And she hasnt been home
all night! Shes obviously staying with that other guy, and Im the stupid moron
who spent the whole night outside her apartment!Monica: All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
Ross: About four hours.
Monica: Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesnt show
up by then, then just come on home.Phoebe: Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks
thats better than Relaxi Cab.Rachel: Okay, its not Relaxi Cab. Its Relaxicab, like taxicab.Phoebe: Oh, that is better.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that same night. There is a
knock on the door and Chandler answers it to reveal Emily standing behind it.]
Chandler: Are we in London?
Monica: What are you doing here? You cant be here!Emily: Ive uh, Ive come to talk to Ross.(She sets her bag down on the foosball table and Joey sees the Toblerone bar
sticking out of it and gazes longingly at it.)
Emily: What?
Joey: (pause) Nothing. No, nothing.
Emily: I was going to call him, butMonica: Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! (Points at Chandler) I
was right! (Points to Emily) Im right, right?Emily: Id really rather talk to him.Monica: Oh.
Emily: I uh, Ive been to his apartment and he wasnt there, and uh. I
need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?[Cut to London, we sit Ross sitting outside Emilys apartment. We hear
Emilys phone ring with amazing clarity. Apparently, sound travels quite
easily through the walls of British buildings. Anyhoo, Ross looks around for the ringing
phone and in the meantime Emilys answering machine picks up and once again with
amazing clarity we hear Emily say]Emily: Ross, are you there? Ross, I dont know if you can hear this
but (Ross has moved to the window, apparently so that he can hear better.) Im
gonna talk anyway, uh, Im in the States with you sister and your friends and
its all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell youYes,
Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you
that I love you.Ross: (yelling, thinking Emily can hear him through the answering machine all
the way to New York.) I love you too! Im, Im gonna call you right now from the
phone booth! (Realises) You cant hear me. (Goes to make his call.)Emily: I wish I could know if youd heard any of that. I suppose Ive
either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if
youre listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose theres
not much chance you did heard that, and theres the call waiting so, I should go. Oh
well. (Answers the call waiting.) Hello.Ross: Hi.
Emily: Ross, I love you!
Ross: Ohh! Thank you.
Closing Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is still watching the porn
as Chandler enters.]
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she
didnt ask me to go do it with her in the vault.Joey: Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over,
gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
Chandler: What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"
Joey: Noo! Nothing!
Chandler: Yknow what, we have to turn off the porn.Joey: I think youre right.(Goes over and picks up the remote.)
Chandler: All right, ready?
Joey: One.
Chandler: Two.
Both: Three.
(Chandler turns off the porn and sets the remote down.)
Joey: Thats kinda nice.Chandler: Yeah, thats kinda a relief.Joey: Yeah.
(Pause.)
Chandler: You wanna see if we still have it?
Joey: Yeah.
(Chandler turns on the TV and)Chandler: FREE PORN!!!
Joey: Yeah!!
Chandler: We have free porn here!!!
End
