Written by: Scott Silveri 
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
Directed by: David Schwimmer (Yeah, that David Schwimmer.)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is balancing a mini hockey stick on his hand as
Chandler enters from his room carrying a bunch of bills.]
Chandler: (watches Joey for a moment) Okay! (Joey quickly moves the hockey stick
so that hes scratching his back with it.) Listen, Im gonna be moving out so you
will be in charge of paying the rent.Joey: Right! And when is that due?
Chandler: First of the month.
Joey: And thats every month?Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.
Joey: Ahhh.
Chandler: Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)
Joey: (looking at it) Oh my God!!
Chandler: Thats our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this
whole me moving out on thing, so why dont I justwhy dont I just cover
you for a while?Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charityanymore.Chandler: Its not charity, JoeJoey: No! Forget it! OkayI mean thanks, but Im done taking money
from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, whats next? Come on.Chandler: Okay uh, heres the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)Joey: This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
Chandler: Uh, yeah.
(Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)
Chandler: So, well do the rest of the bills later then?Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is talking to Phoebe about trying to give Joey
some money.]
Phoebe: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Chandler: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldnt
take it.Phoebe: Well, how much do you think he needs?
Chandler: I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, yknow?
But I have to trick him into taking it so I wont hurt his pride.Phoebe: Why dont you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and
put on little skits. Whatever you want.Chandler: Well that would help the pride thing.
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey!
Chandler: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Monica: (thinks) Okay.
Chandler: Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Monica: Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with
Rachel we thought wed go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving
in with Phoebe.Phoebe: And also, my birthday.
Monica: Its not your birthday.Phoebe: What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you its not
your birthday!(Joey and Ross enter.)
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure wed do nothing.Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys
would come over and watch it.
Joey: I dont know Ross, not if youre gonna talk about how you gave
up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.Ross: I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wonderingMonica: Youre not dressed yet?! Were supposed to start having fun in
15 minutes!Rachel: Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Monica: Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that
youre packed.Rachel: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her
opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Phoebe: My God, I cant get a minute of peace around this place.[Cut to Rachels bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And its obvious that shes
not packed.]Phoebe: Oh my God! Monicas just gonna kill you.Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Phoebe: Well, what youre wearing is fine for that.Monica: (entering) Rachel, I need to borrowYoure not packed!!!!
Youre not packed even a little bit!Rachel: Surprise!!
Monica: What?
Rachel: No, no dont get mad because lookthis is what happened. So
I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!"
Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!Monica: (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) Ill be coordinator! Oh my
God! Im so sorry, I didnt get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help!
Okay? You can help, cant you Phoebe?Phoebe: I have plans.
Monica: Youre plans were with us.Phoebe: Thats right.Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift
things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Phoebe: Okay.
Monica: Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!!
[Cut to living room, Phoebe enters and closes Rachels door behind her.]Phoebe: Hurry! Monicas gonna make you pack! Shes got jobs for
everyone! Now, its too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the
door.)Monica: (entering and interrupting the guys escape attempt) Okay! The
movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help!
Chandler, were gonna start withChandler: Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Monica: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.
Monica: Okay fine, now RossRoss: Oh, but-but I cant do it.Monica: Why not?
Joey: (quietly) Ive got Ben.Ross: Because, because Ive got Ben.Monica: Its almost 8 oclock, its almost past his bedtime.
Where-where is he?Chandler: Hes at a dinner party.Monica: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Ross: Of course he is! What, do you think Id just use my son as-as an
excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?Monica: All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachels room.)Ross: (to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is entering carrying two pizzas.]
Joey: Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
Chandler: Oh, I wish Id know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.Joey: Oh thats okay. Hey, actually in a way its kinda nice. Me,
bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!(Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)
Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night.
What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Joey: What, are you crazy? You havent beaten me once since my injury
plagued 97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.Chandler: Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
Joey: Okay, youre on.Chandler: Okay, lets play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.(They start playing.)
[Scene: Rachels bedroom, shes in her closet bringing down her pair of
roller blades from a top shelf.]Rachel: Ohhhhhh, look its the roller blades.Monica: (starting to cry) Oh God!
Rachel: You remember when we got these?
Monica: No.
Rachel: I guess you werent there. (They hug.)Phoebe: You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the
time (She starts laughing hysterically.) You dont remember?Rachel: Im sorry Pheebs, I guess Im just really said that Im
leaving.Monica: Im gonna miss you so much.Phoebe: Well, this doesnt have to be so sad though. Yknow? Maybe
instead of just thinking about how much youre gonna miss each other, you should like
think of the things youre not gonna miss.Monica: I dont think theres anything.Phoebe: Come on, theres gotta be something.Monica: Nope, shes perfect.Rachel: I have one.
Phoebe: Good! Great! You can go first.
Rachel: Uh well, I guess Im not gonna miss the fact that youre never
allowed to move the phone pen. (Laughs. Monica lags behind the laugh a little bit.)Phoebe: Good thats a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Yknow? Does
Rachel move the phone pen?Monica: Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
Phoebe: Okay, good. There you go. Doesnt anyone feel better?Monica: Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Rachel: You get your messages!
Monica: Yeah, well I dont think it really counts if you have to read them
off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.Rachel: So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler?
Or your mom?
Phoebe: Great! It worked! No ones sad.[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they are just finishing up another game of foosball.]
Joey: (scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! Thats like 500 bucks you owe me!
Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.)
$500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, theres nothing in the fridge.)
Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.Chandler: Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one
goal, $1,000.
Joey: You serious?
Chandler: Oh yes!
Joey: Okay, get ready to owe me!
Chandler: Okay.
Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready?
[In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the
ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really
hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of
the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]
Chandler: No! No! No! No(Joey looks at him)one can beat me.(In frustration, Joey kicks the table, breaking it.)
Chandler: See? Now, thats why only the little fake men are supposed to do
all the kicking.[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel and Phoebe
move a box into the living room.]
Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!
Rachel: Ooh, your brother. Score!
Monica: (on phone) Whats up?Ross: Oh, Im just over here with Ben. I thought wed say hi.Monica: Oh, put him on!
Ross: Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. (He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has
created out of a pumpkin.) Oh, I guess he doesnt feel like talking right now.
Hes smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.[Scene: Rachels bedroom, Rachel is entering carrying two glasses of wine. She
gives one to Phoebe, keeps one, and completely ignores Monica.]Phoebe: Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember
the roller blades?
Rachel: You know what else Im not gonna miss? "Im Monica. I
wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"Monica: "Hi Im Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, Id
better wash it and shrink it!"Rachel: "Im Monica, I dont get phone messages from interesting
people. Ever!"Phoebe: Hey! I call her!
Monica: "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate
Ross!"
Rachel: "Oh my God, I cant find a boyfriend! So I guess Ill
just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"(Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and
storms out.)
Phoebe: Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner
reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is examining the broken foosball table as Chandler
enters from his room.]
Chandler: Still broken?
Joey: This sucks man! The last night youre here and I lose the two most
important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.Chandler: Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a
little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)
Joey: Nah, not my game.
Chandler: Okay, uh, how about, how aboutyknow what? We could play a
new game. A new game, its fun.Joey: Well, whats it called?Chandler: Cups.
Joey: I dont know how to play Cups.Chandler: Ill teach ya! Come on, come on, its really easy and
really, really fun.Joey: All right.
Chandler: Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens,
what do you have?
Joey: A two and a five.
Chandler: Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
Joey: Really?!
Chandler: Oh yeah! Okay, lets play again. (He deals out two cards each
again.) What do you got?Joey: A four and a nine.
Chandler: Youre kidding right?Joey: No. Why?
Chandler: Well thats a full cup! (Pays him again.)Joey: Damn! I am good at Cups!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is whining to Phoebe about Rachel.]
Monica: Im not talking to her!Phoebe: Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you,
because shes the one whos leaving. Its harder for her!Monica: Well, maybe youre rightShe made fun of my phone pen!Phoebe: I know, I took it hard too.
(Monica goes into Rachels room.)Monica: Listen Rachel, I feel really bad aboutWhat are you doing? (She
sees that Rachel is unpacking.)Rachel: Im unpacking!Monica: What?!
Rachel: Im not moving! (She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.) Is that
picture straight?Monica: It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Rachel: Hey, yknow what? Youre the one who wants to make this big
change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to
leave?!Monica: Because its my apartment!Rachel: Well its mine too! What else you got?!Monica: How about, youre moving!! (Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws
them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing
the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No." and Monica chants
"Yes.")Rachel: Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!! (She knocks over
Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)
Phoebe: Hey, how are you guys doing?
Rachel: Great! Monicas moving!Monica: (entering) I am not!
Rachel: Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! (Monica starts
chasing Rachel around the table.)
Phoebe: Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know whats going on here. Okay,
you guys STOP!! (They stop.) I know that, I know that youre
acting mad because you think that itll make it easier to leave. But deep down
youre still really sad. Deep-deep down.Monica: No Phoebe I am mad!
Phoebe: Well, deep-deep-deep down!
Rachel: Yeah, Im just mad!Phoebe: Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, theyre still playing Cups.]Chandler: You win.
Joey: Well, what did you have?
Chandler: It doesnt matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That
my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?Joey: Uh, (counts the money) wow, 700.
Chandler: Not 700 exactly?
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: Double it! (He does.)
Joey: What?
Chandler: Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Joey: Really?
Chandler: Hey, I didnt make up the rules. Now, after you receive the
doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your
total to 1,500. (Joey gets excited.) Dont get to excited because thats not
gonna happen unless you getNo way! (He takes the top card, which is the two of
clubs. Of course, any card wouldve won. Chandler pays him.)[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica carries a box out of Rachels room.]Monica: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. Im just gonna label
it, "What were you thinking?"Rachel: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on
Chandler.
Phoebe: Hey you guys, I dont mean to make things worse, but umm, I
dont want to live with Rachel anymore.Monica and Rachel: What?!
Phoebe: Youre just so mean to each other! And I dont want to end up
like that with Rachel. I still like you!Rachel: Well, Phoebe thats fine because Im not moving.Monica: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Yknow I-I-I said some
really bad stuff about her, but yknow Rachel has some good qualities that
make her a good roommate.Rachel: Oh really? Like what Monica?
Monica: Yknow she has 147,000 pairs of bootsRachel: Oh yeah, good start Mon.
Monica: She lets you borrow them.
Rachel: Yeah and you stretch em out with your big old clown feet.Monica: Do you wanna live outside?! Because its gettin cold! (To
Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, shell fold down the pages of the things
she thinks that Id like.Phoebe: What else?
Monica: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Rachel: Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Phoebe: Thats nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.Monica: When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a
blanket.
Rachel: Well yknow, I dont want you to be cold.Monica: And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was
really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And
now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.)
Rachel: Oh, its gonna be fine.Phoebe: Okay Rachel, I cant wait to live with you! And you know
what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! Well have
so much fun!!Rachel: But honey, I think shes moving in with Chandler.Phoebe: Oh thats right. Youre still set on that?Monica: Kinda. (She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it
to get a better look.) Oh my God!
[Cut to Rosss apartment, hes watching TV and eating some popcorn as the
phone rings.]Ross: (answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Mon, hows the packing
going? (Listens) Ben? Hes fine. Yeah, hes rightOh my God! (He looks over
at the fake Ben and notices that the head has fallen off.) Get your head of your shirt
there son! (He tries to push the pumpkin through the neck hole.) What? (Listens) Yeah,
its a pumpkin. Ill come pack.[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, (Ohh, thats the last time Im ever gonna type
that line. Its just so sad.) Joey is entering, angrily.]Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Whats wrong?Joey: Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500
to him in Cups!
Chandler: Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Joey: The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross
gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was
getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didnt
even get half a cup! Nothin!!Chandler: Oh man!!
Joey: And he never played before either! Yknow what I think? I think
beginners luck, very important in Cups.Chandler: All right, lets play one more hand! One more!Joey: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! Im serious this time!
In-in fact, look, theres aI wanna give you something. And let me give it too
you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now, I want
you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, yknow, thank you for being such a
great roommate.Chandler: I cant take the big white dog! You love it!Joey: Its him, not it!Chandler: No, but waitwhat if I bought it from you, yknow? And your
nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say (Gets choked up) $1,500?Joey: Wait a second, I see what youre trying to do here! You-youre
trying to give me money again!Chandler: When did I try to give you money?
Joey: Over there! (Points to the couch) Before, with the bills! You tried to
give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last
night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now
out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Chandler: Im just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that
youre okay.Joey: I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head
that I cant take care of myself. Okay? Look, Im not gonna miss you helping me
out with money. The only thing that Im gonna missis you. And now the dog.[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, (And thats the last time for that line, no more
Chandler and Joeys or Monica and Rachels, ever!) Joey and Ross are carrying
the last table of Rachels. Rachel follows slowly, but is stopped by Monica.]Monica: Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Rachel: Okay.
Monica: Im really gonna miss you.(They hug.)
Rachel: Oh! I have your key. Here you go. (Hands it to Monica.)
Monica: Thanks.
Rachel: Yeah.
(Silence ensues.)
Rachel: Oh God! This is silly, Im gonna see you in a couple of hours!
(They hug again.)Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: Bye house!
(They break the embrace.)
Rachel: Bye Mon.
Monica: Bye.
(Monica closes the door and slowly walks into Rachels old and now empty room.)Chandler: (entering) Hey.
Monica: She really left.
Chandler: I know. (He kisses her.)
Monica: Thank you.
Chandler: No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
Monica: Can I ask you a question?
Chandler: Sure!
Monica: What the hell is that dog doing here?! (She notices the dog
sitting in the living room.)
(And with that, an era ends as Chandler moves in with Monica as Rachel moves in with
Phoebe. It tis a sad and happy time for Friends.)Ending Credits
[Scene: Rosss apartment, Chandler is trying to get Joeys money back from
Ross.]Chandler: I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
Ross: And now you want that money back.
Chandler: Exactly.
Ross: Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? (As he picks up the
fake Ben.)
Chandler: Its not a real game! I made it up!Ross: Im sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.Chandler: At a fake game!!
Ross: Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, Id be glad to play
you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.Chandler: Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Ross: No.
Chandler: Hmm, lets see if it comes up this time. (He looks at his cards
and shrugs.)End
