Teleplay by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Story by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, Rachel and Monica are there. Ross walks in with
a magazine in his hand.]
Ross: Hey, youre not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it
in to Playboy. They printed it!Phoebe: I didnt know Playboy prints jokes.Ross: Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. Its not
just about the pictures.Monica: That didnt work on mom, its not going to work on us.Ross: (showing them the page) Here, check it out. Its the first
one, too.(They all laugh indifferently, except Chandler, whos a little angry.)Chandler: That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
Ross: What?
Chandler: I made that joke up.
Ross: Uh, oh-oh, no you didnt. I did.Chandler: Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest
joke hed ever heard.Ross: Hey, tell Dan, Thanks.(Rachel is looking at the magazine and laughing.)
Ross: What?
Rachel: Im sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is
funny. (Ross grabs the magazine away from her.)Chandler: Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Monica: No.
Chandler: Seriously?
Monica: Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Ross: Look, Chandler, its my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any
better they dont print the name, so it doesnt really matter who gets credit,
right?Chandler: Yeah, I guess.
Joey: (entering) Hey guys.
Chandler: (jumping up from his chair) Hey, Joey, Playboy
printed my joke.
Ross: No, its my joke, its mine. You can call them, theyll
tell you.Chandler: Its my joke.Ross: Its my joke.Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there,
right?
Opening Credits
[Scene: Joeys apartment, Joey is sitting at the counter as Chandler enters.]Chandler: Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart
is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Joey: Lets go watch it at your place.Chandler: Nah, Monicas watching some cooking show. Come on, I dont
want to miss when they were skinny.Joey: Chandler, Chandler, yknow what we should do? You and I should go out
and get some new sunglasses.Chandler: What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the
screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?
Joey: No, thats VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen
to today . . . Its like a lotta noise to me. I dont knowChandler: Joey, why is your cable out?
Joey: I uh, oh! Because, uh, I havent really paid the billChandler: If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some
money?
Joey: No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a
little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot. 
Chandler: Whoa ho.
Joey: I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to
the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).
Chandler: (picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer
will let us watch the show at his place?
Joey: Sure.
Chandler: (with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone
bill?
Joey: Not so much.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Rachel are on the couch looking at the Playboy
magazine. When they hear someone coming, Monica goes to hide it under the sofa cushions.] 
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Monica: (relieved) Its only you.Phoebe: Wh-wh-what are you doing?
Rachel: We are looking at a Playboy.
Phoebe: Oh, I want to look too! (She runs over and sits down and checks out a
picture). Yikes!
Monica: So do you think that these picturesAre, are they trying to tell a
story?Rachel: Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has
lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, shes crying out, Where are
they, where are they?Monica: Well, shes not going to find them lying in the grass like that.(They flip through the pages to another picture.)
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn,
lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Rachel and Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: You see, now, I would date this girl. Shes cute, shes
outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, thats got to come in
handyMonica: Okay, Ive got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date,
who would it be?Rachel: (thinks) I dont know.Monica: Me neither.
Phoebe: Rachel.
Monica: What?!
Phoebe: I dont know. (Pause) Me neither.[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, and Ross are sitting on the couch.]
Joey: You forget how many great songs Heart had.
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
Chandler: So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
Joey: Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but
Im not even sure I got it.Ross: What, you didnt get it? The doctor is a monkey.(He and Chandler crack up.)
Chandler: And monkeys cant write out prescriptions.(He and Ross crack up again. Joey just sits there)
Chandler: (stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
Ross: Your joke? Well, I think the Hef would disagree, which is why
he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.Chandler: So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Ross: Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think Ill show
the sexy teller that I am a published writer.Chandler: Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Ross: Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Chandler: Yeah!
Ross: Well, Im not going to go now anyway (he goes to sit down).Chandler: Okay (he goes to sit down).
(Ross leaps out of his chair and runs out the door, with Chandler in hot pursuit.)
Gunther: (handing Joey the bill) Here you go.
Joey: Ah, Gunther, I cant pay for this right now because Im not
working, so Ive had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin for stuff.Gunther: Well, if you want, you can work here.
Joey: Uh, I dont know. Ya see, its just, see I was a regular on a
soap opera yknow? And to go from that to this, I just Plus, Id have to
wait on all my friends.Gunther: Okay, but the moneys good, plus you get to stare at Rachel as
much as you want.Joey: What?!
Gunther: Flexible hours.
Joey: Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
[Scene: Monica and Chandlers bedroom, they are in bed together.]Monica: (visibly upset) She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it,
but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Chandler: (visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it. 
Monica: Its wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.Chandler: You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross
did? He stole my joke. You know what? Im going to get a joke journal. Yknow?
And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.Monica: Thats a good idea.Chandler: Yeah!
Monica: Do you know whats a bad idea?Chandler: Picking Rachel.
Monica: Thats right. (A noise comes from the living room.) Did you hear
something?Chandler: Maybe its the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing
my thoughts.Monica: Its coming from the living room.(They go out to investigate, and find Joey wrapped in a blanket watching their
television.)
Joey: (sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back
to bed.)
[Scene, Phoebe and Rachels, theyre sitting together on the couch.]Monica: (entering) Hey, you guys.
Phoebe and Rachel: Hey.
Monica: (laughing) Oh, dont you guys look cute. You guys make
such a cute couple.Rachel: Monica, what are you doing?
Monica: (laughing harder) Nothing, Im just trying to recreate
some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. (To Phoebe) Remember, when you
picked Rachel over me? That was funny.Phoebe: I guess it was kinda funny.
Monica: (angrily) It wasnt funny at all! Why would you do that?
Why didnt you pick me?Phoebe: Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than
you is just that youre  just  kinda high maintenanceOkay
lets go to lunch!Monica: That is completely untrue. You think Im high maintenance? Okay,
prove it. I want you to make a list and were going to go through it point by point!Phoebe: No, okay, youre right. Youre easy-going. Youre just
not as easy-going as Rachel. Shes just more flexible and-and mellow. Thats
all.Rachel: (To Monica) Well, people are different.
Phoebe: Ya, you know, Rachel  shell do whatever you want.
Yknow, you can just walk all over her.Rachel: What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that Im a pushover?
Im not a pushover.Phoebe: Oh, okay, (laughing) youre not a pushover.Rachel: Oh my  you think Im a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you
know what? Youre not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think
thats pretty strong, thats what I think. Come on, Monica, lets go to
lunch. (She leaves)Monica: (to Phoebe) You start working on that list. (She grabs her
coat and leaves, too.)
[Cut to the hallway.]
Rachel: I cannot believe her.
Monica: I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Rachel: Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.
Monica: Im sick of Japanese. Were not going there.Rachel: All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.
Monica: All right.
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are there as Ross enters and sees
Gunther.]
Ross: (showing the Playboy magazine to Gunther) Oh, hey, Gunther, check this
out.
(Gunther looks at the joke and laughs.)
Gunther: Yeah, that-that Chandler cracks me up. 
(Ross begins to say something, realizes what Gunther just said, turns, and glares at
Chandler. Chandler just shrugs it off.)
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, cause Im heading
up there.Ross: Uh, yeah, Ill take a coffee. Thanks, man.Joey: Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? Cause Im going up there.Rachel: No.
Monica: No, thank you.
Joey: (to a table of strangers) You guys need anything, cause Im
heading up there.Woman: Id love an ice water.Joey: You got it.
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?
Joey: Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a whats wrong with
you? look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)Rachel: Joey, honey, I dont think youre supposed to go back there.Joey: Nah, its okay. Right, Gunther? (Winks at him as if theyre in
on a secret together.)Gunther: Dont wink at me. And put on your apron.Joey: Okay, but I dont see you asking any other paying customers to put on
aprons.Monica: Joey, do you work here?
Joey: No.
Customer: Hey, waiter.
Joey: Yeah?
Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]
Monica: Joey, whats going on. What didnt you tell us you work here?Joey: Its kind of embarrassing, yknow. I mean, I was an actor and
now Im a waiter. Its supposed to go in the other direction.Chandler: So is your apron. Youre wearing it like a cape.Joey: I mean, the jobs easy and the moneys good, you know? I guess
Im going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I
just feel kind of weird serving you guys.Rachel: Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
Ross: Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?
Joey: Okay, I guess it doesnt seem that weird.Ross: Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still havent gotten it.Joey: See, now its weird again.Chandler: I think its great that you work here. Youre going to make
a lot of money, and heres your first tip: Dont eat yellow snow. (He laughs,
then picks up a pen, glares at Ross, and writes in his journal). Ah ha ha, 2:15,
coffeehouse.Rachel: Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass
on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the
coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. (Joey nods.) A smile goes a long
way. (Joey smiles) And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Joey: Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Yknow? Now, how
about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. Its all about turnover.Ross: Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Joey: Oh, Im sorry, Ross. Ill get it for you right now. And since I
made you wait, Ill toss in a free muffin.(He looks at Rachel and winks, she gives him the thumbs-up sign.)
[Scene: Phoebe and Rachels, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Rachel and Monica
enter.]Rachel: Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
Phoebe: Okay.
Monica: So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little
bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Rachel: Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Monica: Hah!
Phoebe: That true, I am flaky.
Rachel: So, what, youre just, youre just okay with being flaky?Phoebe: Yeah, totally.
Monica: Well, then, Im okay with being high maintenance.Rachel: Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.
Phoebe: Thats great. Good for you guys.Monica: I am not high maintenance!
Rachel: I am not a pushover!
Phoebe: Who said you were?
Monica and Rachel: You did!
Phoebe: Oh, Im flaky. Ill say anything.[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is coming back from using the phone.]
Joey: Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
Gunther: No, Im leaving to get my hair dyed.Joey: Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, its a great part.
Look, check it out. Im the lead guys best friend and I wait for him in this
bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. Im sorry, that seats saved.Gunther: Thats the whole part?Joey: Okay, maybe hes not his best friend, butGunther: Okay, Ill see you in an hour.Joey: Oh, man, I could totally get that part. Im sorry, that seat is
taken.Patron: Oh, excuse me.
Joey: No, no, I didnt mean you. But, you believed me, huh?Patron: I believed you were saving this seat for someone.
Joey: So, youd hire me, right?Patron: For what?
Joey: Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be
closed for about an hour. 
Customers: Huh? What?
Joey: Yeah, its for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. Its a very
important issue in this months Playboy. Im sure you all read about it.[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Ross are both pouting and sitting on the
couch.]
Ross: Its my joke.Chandler: Its my joke.Ross and Chandler: Its my joke.Ross: Yknow, I dont think were going to settle this.Chandler: Lets have Monica decide.Ross: Yeah!
Chandler: Yeah!
Ross: Hey Mon.
Chandler: Mon, get out here!
Ross: Monica! (She appears, not sure why she was summoned.)
Chandler: Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Monica: Why do I have to decide?
Chandler: Because youre the only one that can be fair.Ross: Yeah.
Monica: I cant be fair. Youre my boyfriend.Ross: Yeah, but Im your brother. Were family. Thats the most
important thing in the world.Chandler: (to Ross) Dont try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) Im
your only chance to have a baby. Okay, lets go.Ross: Well each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide
which one of us is telling the truthme.Monica: Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Chandler: Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Monica: Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Chandler: Can I finish my story?!
Monica: Do you want me to pick you?!
Ross: See, I would never snap at you like that.
(Chandler motions to Monica that hell give her two babies.)Monica: Continue.
Chandler: So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steves
doctors name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, Doctor Monkey? And that is how
the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his
point.)Ross: Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution?
Monkey into man? Plus, Im a doctor, and I had a monkey. Im Doctor Monkey!Chandler: Im not arguing with that.Monica: All right, Ive heard enough. Ive made my decision.(Both Chandler and Ross are eager to hear her decision.) 
Monica: You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and its offensive to
women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldnt be arguing over who gets credit, you
should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world!
Now let it go! The joke sucks!(Monica leaves the room)
Ross: Its your joke.Chandler: Is not.
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is sitting at a table and Phoebe is on the couch. Chandler
and Monica can be seen outside, shes lecturing him, and pushes him inside. He then
nods to Rachel, and is obviously counting off the seconds in his head and then Monica
makes a grand enterance.]Monica: Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Chandler: Hi, oh hi.
Monica: Hey, its Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why dont you tell them what
you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?(Rachel and Phoebe exchange looks.)
Chandler: (starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient,
together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be
perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and(He falters and
Monica prompts him.)generosity of spirit.Rachel: Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think Ive ever
heard.Phoebe: Really? Ive heard better.Monica: Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Chandler: (To Chandler) Im out of words. Should I just say the whole thing
again?Monica: Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
Chandler: (pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) Youre a little
high maintenance.Monica: Ahhh! You are on my list.
Chandler: Im sorry. Youre not easy-going, but youre
passionate, and thats good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think
that Im pretty good about making you feel better about that. And thats good
too. So, they can say that youre high maintenance, but its okay, because I
like  maintaining you.Monica: (embarrassed) (To Phoebe and Rachel) I didnt even tell him to say
that. (They hug). All right youre off my list.Chandler: (happily) Im off the list. (Sits on the couch.)Monica: (sits next to him) Phoebe, its okay that you dont want me to
be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.Phoebe: (to Monica) Yknow, suddenly I find you very attractive.(Joey enters.)
Chandler: Hey, buddy boy, howd the audition go?Joey: Not good, no. I didnt get the part, and I lost my job here, soPhoebe: Wow! That is a bad audition.
Rachel: How-how did you lose your job here?
Joey: Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in
charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Rachel: He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left
you in charge when youve been working here two days? Thats not, thats
not right.Joey: Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Rachel: Joey, you cant let him get away with that. Ya know what, Im
not going to let him get away with that. Im going to say something to himNo, I
really shouldnt say anythingNo, I should say something to him. (Goes to the
counter) Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you
have to fire himGunther: Okay.
Rachel: What?
Gunther: He can have his job back.
Rachel: Thats right, he can have his job back. Im glad we got that
all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.Joey: Thats great. Thanks Rach.Rachel: Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now whos a pushover?Phoebe: (returning from the bathroom) Rach, youre in my seat.Rachel: Oh, Im sorry. (Gets up and moves.)Ending Credits
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting at the kitchen
table, talking.]
Phoebe: Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
Monica: I pick you, Phoebe.
Rachel: Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, I kinda thought.
(Phoebe gets up from the table, and while her back is turned, Rachel and Monica
indicate via sign language that they each would have picked the other.)
(Joey, Chandler and Ross enter.)
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the
other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
Ross: No way. 
Joey: Im not answering that.Chandler: Joey! (Pause as they all stare at him.) No way. Im not answering
that.End
