Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, its the same scene from the end of last weeks show.
Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch as Ross enters.]Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?
Ross: Oh, yeah, no problems. Its all taken care of.Rachel: Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Ross: Oh yeah, why not?
Rachel: Okay, umm, Im gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)Ross: Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
Phoebe: Always.
Ross: I didnt get the annulment.Phoebe: What?!
Ross: Were still married! Dont tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets
up leaving Phoebe in shock.)[Cut to outside Central Perk.]
Ross: (To Rachel) Hey, do you have any gum?
Rachel: Oh? Yeah! Sure!
Phoebe: (running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for
just a second?
Rachel: Oh but Phoebe, were gonna be late for the movie.(A cab pulls up.)
Phoebe: Oh, theres a cab! Taxi!! (The cab stops and she opens the door.)
Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. (Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.)Rachel: Yeah, were, were actually just gonna walk cause
its right up there at the Angelica.Phoebe: Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cabs roof and it
pulls away.) (To Ross) You didnt get the annulment?!!Ross: I know.
Phoebe: Ross?!
Ross: Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyers office all I could hear
was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just dont want my tombstone
to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.Phoebe: Dont be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you
want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Yknow? Mines
gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.Ross: Look, all I know is I-I cant have another failed marriage!Phoebe: So okay what? Youre gonna be married to a girl who doesnt
even know about it?!Op, woman! Sorry.Ross: Well, okay so, I dont have it all worked out quite yet. Just
dont say anything to Rachel, please?Phoebe: Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only
one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
(Rachels cab backs up.)Rachel: (to the driver) Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
Phoebe: Hey Rach!
Rachel: What was that?!
Phoebe: Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
Rachel: I havent seen it yet!Phoebe: Well then youd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! (Bangs on the
roof again and off they go.)Rachel: Noooooooo!!
Opening Credits
{Transcibers note: In case youre wondering, and I know you are. Their names
are all back to normal. Just in a slightly smaller font than usual to allow Courteney Cox
Arquette to fit on one line and not be smaller than the rest of their names. Now, on with
the show}[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are cuddling on the couch.]
Chandler: Yknow when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?Monica: Of course! Joey wouldnt let you have one?Chandler: No. When it comes to sweets, hes surprisingly strict.Monica: Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him youre moving out?Chandler: No, no, I keep trying, yknow? I can get out, "Joey, I have
too" but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "go to the
bathroom." He may think Im sick.Monica: Yknow, I really have to tell Rachel, but I We just have to
get it over with! Yknow, the next time we see them were just gonna tell them.
Okay? Thats it.Chandler: Oh, so thats this is gonna work now? Youre just gonna
order me around all the time?Monica: Pretty much.
Chandler: All right.
Joey: (entering) Hey Monica!
Monica: Hi!
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him
with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
Monica: Joey, we have something to tell you.
Joey: Oh my God! Youre pregnant!Chandler: No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, heres
the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, Im gonna be moving
out man.Joey: Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh Hey! Im really happy for you guys!
Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the
verge of tears as Monica stops him.)Monica: Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
Joey: Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses,
and turns back.) Like youd believe that. This sucks!Chandler: Look, I-Im just gonna be right across the hall and I promise
you, the minute Monica and I break up Im moving right back in with you!Joey: (To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if youre gonna be moving in
with him I feel its my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay?
Hes a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm Oh-oh he always, he
always ummOh, who am I kidding! Hes the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is on the couch as Monica enters.]
Monica: Hey Pheebs! 
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: Hey, have you seen Rachel?
Phoebe: No, why?
Monica: I have some pretty exciting news!
Phoebe: (gasps) Youre pregnant!Monica: No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Phoebe: Ooh! Thats good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you
name it? Hint: Phoebe.(Ross returns from getting some coffee.)
Ross: Hey! Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Whats up?Monica: Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Ross: Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friendshaking up. Oh,
thats great. Thats great. (Kisses and hugs her.)Phoebe: Guys, Im happy too.Monica: Okay, come here! (Phoebe joins them in the hug.)
Phoebe: Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled (Winks
at Ross.)Monica: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you
please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesnt seem so bad?
(Exits.)Ross: Bye.
Phoebe: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel Bad news for Rachel, what could
that be?!Ross: Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an
embarrassment! I should go live under somebodys stairs!Phoebe: Ross, its not that big a deal! So youll been divorced three
times, youll still have a life, youll go on datesRoss: (interrupting) No! No, I wont! Ill be at the bottom of the
dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy,
and-and, Geologists.Phoebe: Ross, youre being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and
sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!Ross: Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Phoebe: Yknow thats really fair. Yknow? Most guys who have
been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this
embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, Ill show you! Come here.Ross: What?! Why?
(She grabs his arm and drags him over to a table where three beautiful women are
sitting. Now, Im going to go out on a limb and say that their names are Stephanie,
Karin, and Meg. Okay, so I looked at the credits. Of course, only Meg is named later on,
so Ill have to guess who is Stephanie and who is Karin. But, well cross that
bridge when we come to it.)Phoebe: (to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced
for the third time, but wouldnt you date him?Ross: And if you wait right here, Ill go get Ross. (Phoebe grabs his arm
and prevents him from escaping.)[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is pacing anxiously waiting for Rachel.]
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
Chandler: (looking down) What gave me away?
Monica: I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and
shes the only one left!Chandler: Okay, so thats it, everybody knows! Its official,
were moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?Monica: No.
Chandler: Wow that was my scariest voice! Youre very brave.(They hug as Rachel enters.)
Rachel: Hey!
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: Ugh, the worse day! Yknow, you think youre making progress
at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.Chandler: Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me
Sha-la-lap. (Awkward silence ensues.) Seriously.
Rachel: I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of
course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end
of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Chandler: Well, I-I still think youre very-very nice and very prettyRachel: What?
Chandler: (To Monica) All yours babe. (Walks away.)
Monica: Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I
are going to live together, here.
Rachel: Oh my God! Thats so great! Im so happy for you guys!Monica: Really?!
Rachel: And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are
gonna have such a good time living together!
Monica: Yes, we are. (Chandler is frantically trying to get Monica to correct
her.)
Rachel: And Chandler, youre gonna have to watch those long showers you
take in the morning because you know Raquel cant be late.Chandler: RachMonica: Yeah, hes gonna work on that.Rachel: Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God (Gasps and starts to sing)
Come and knock on my doorMonica: (singing) Well be waiting for you{Transcibers note: Ill finish that one for those of you who dont know
what theyre talking about. Where the towels are Hers and Hers and His,
Threes Company too! Yeah, thats the theme song for Threes Company.}Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is hosting an impromptu roundtable discussion with
Stephanie, Karin, and Meg about Rosss three divorces.]Ross: once you know the stories, its not that bad. First marriage,
wifes hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the
altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldnt allow you to get
married when youre that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevadas
fault.Phoebe: Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldnt be interested? Who
wouldnt want to date him?Stephanie: Well the divorces dont bother me, Id date him. But, not
while hes still married.Phoebe: Okay, what about you? (Points to Karin) Wouldnt you want a date?Karin: Actually, Im dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was
only dating guys that were like yknow bad for me, so until I work that outPhoebe: (interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?
Meg: Well, I dont care about the divorces either, but I wouldnt date
him. Its just that hes obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.Ross: What?!
Phoebe: (leaning to him) She said, "Hes obviously still in love with
this Rachel girl." (He glares at her.)Ross: This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved
her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me
out here?
Phoebe: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
Ross: We were drunk! I wouldve married uh, Joey with that amount of
alcohol!Phoebe: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!! 
Ross: (to the panel) Look, Im sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just
dont want to be divorced three times.Phoebe: Yes, and now hes using this three divorces reason because he wants
to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.Ross: (getting up) Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about
the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-Ill go to my lawyers office right now
and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth(leans
down to Megs ear)Nothing!!Meg: Okay now I wouldnt date you because you seem a little creepy.Karin: I am so attracted to him right now.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are still debating about how to tell
Rachel that Chandlers moving in and shes moving out.]Chandler: Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
Monica: Soon! I-I just couldnt before. You saw how upset Joey got! I
couldnt do that to her, shes my best friend!Chandler: Well, Joeys my best friend.Monica: Im not your best friend?Chandler: You just said Of course youre my best friend. Would you
please tell Rachel though?Monica: All right, all right, at least Im prepared.Chandler: Okay. (She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies) Oh yes. (He reaches
for one.)
Monica: (slapping his hand) Hey!
Chandler: Hey-hey!
Monica: These arent for you! Are you upset?Chandler: I am now!
Rachel: (entering) Hey roomie!
Chandler: Okay, bye! (Exits.)
Monica: Rach, theres something uh, important I have to tell you.Rachel: (gasps) Are you pregnant?!
Monica: No! But, Im throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little
misunderstanding before.Rachel: Um-hmm.
Monica: Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live
together we meant alone together.
Rachel: (laughs) Oh my God! Oh, thats funny, I cant believe I did
that.Monica: Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasnt clear! Im
really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? Theres
absolutely no rush.Rachel: Okay. (Sits back and resumes her reading.)
Monica: Okay. Dont you want a cookie?Rachel: Sure? (Monica hands her one.) Thanks.
Monica: Maybe, do you need a tissue?
(Rachel mumbles uh-huh and spits the half-eaten cookie out onto the tissue.)
Rachel: Monica, where did you get these?!
Monica: I made them!
Rachel: Ooh, good God, theyre so yummy! (She re-ingests the previously
expelled cookie matter from the tissue.)[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is packing some books and Joey is watching him.]
Joey: God, its gonna so weird like when I come home and youre not
here. Yknow? No more Joey and Chans. No more J and Cs. "You wanna
go over to Joey and Chandlers?" "Cant, its not there."Chandler: Look, Im just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the
same stuff.Joey: Yeah but we wont be able to like get up in the middle of the night
and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.Chandler: Not once did we do that.
Monica: (entering) Hi.
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hi.
Monica: So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
Chandler: Oh yeah? Well, howd she take it?Monica: Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didnt cry. She
wasnt angry or sad. (Sits down, slightly disgusted.)Chandler: And youre upset because you didnt make your best friend
cry?Monica: I mean, all Im asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too
much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you
guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Dont I deserve a few tears?!! I mean
we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!Joey: Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! Its like the end of an
era! No more J-man and Channies!!Chandler: Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
[Scene: Rosss lawyers office, his name is Russell and has just been told by
Ross about his current situation.]Russell: You got married again.
Ross: Yes.
Russell: So thats your second marriage in two years.Ross: Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
Russell: Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so
much business from one client. Why dont you tell me what happened.Ross: Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunkRussell: (interrupting) Im sorry, is this the same Rachel whos name
you said at the altar in the second marriage?Ross: Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.
Russell: Oh, thats better then.Ross: This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.
Russell: I see. Have you considered therapy?
Ross: I think just the annulment for today.
Russell: There are a couple of forms to fill out.
Ross: Easy.
Russell: And well need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not
of uh, sound mind.Ross: No problem.
Russell: And well need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.Ross: Ooh! Theres no way to do this without her? Cause I kinda all
ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.Russell: Of course you did. Look Ross, you cant get an annulment unless
you and Rachel are both there.Ross: Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? (Russell glares at him.)
I will think about the therapy.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is painting her toe nails as Monica enters.]
Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our
stuff.
Rachel: Okay!
Monica: Yknow, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long
process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.Rachel: Okay.
Monica: Hey Rach, what about this? (She holds up a chrome 5-point star.) Huh?
Who-who gets this? See, I dont know if I want it because it might be yknow,
too many memories!Rachel: (grabbing the star) What the hell is that?
Monica: I dont know. (Picks up a big plate from the coffee table.) Hey,
Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.Rachel: Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
Monica: Something to remember me by!
Rachel: Mon, honey youre not dying. Im just moving out. Yknow,
I mean were gonna see each other all the time.Monica: But still, its a big change. The end of an era, you might say!Rachel: Are you okay? Youre not blinking.Monica: Im fine! I just, Im thinking how much its an end of
era.Rachel: Oh, all right. But yknow I gotta say, I dont, I dont
think six years counts as an era.Monica: An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was
significant to me, maybe it wasnt significant to you!Rachel: What is the matter with you?!
Monica: What is the matter with you?!! Why arent you more upset?!
Arent you gonna be sad that were not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean
arent you gonna miss me at all?!Rachel: All right, fine, but dont get mad at me. Its-its just
a little hard to believe.Monica: Whats hard to believe?Rachel: Well yknow, its you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff!
Yknow? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I
guess Im not upset because I dont see you guys going through with it. Im
sorry.Monica: Rachel, its going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.Rachel: But IMonica: No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isnt something that we
just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And
it is going to happen.Rachel: It is? Really?
Monica: Yeah, sweetie.
Rachel: (starting to lose her composure) I mean were not, were not
gonna live together anymore?Monica: No.
Rachel: What? Oh my God! Im gonna miss you so much! (Starts to cry.)Monica: Im gonna miss you! (They hug.)Rachel: I mean its the end of an era!Monica: I know!
[Scene: The hallway, Ross is coming up the stairs as Phoebe leaves Joey and
Chandlers.]Phoebe: (to Joey and Chandler) Okay, bye!
Ross: Oh no.
Phoebe: So? Did you get the annulment?
Ross: I couldnt.Phoebe: I knew it! Because you love Rachel.
Ross: Its not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than IPhoebe: Yeah, complicated cause of the love.Ross: I I do, I do not love Rachel. Im gonna tell her right now
about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay?
Would I do that if I loved her?Phoebe: Ive never been more convinced of your love for her.Ross: I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?! (He goes into her apartment.)
[Cut to Monica and Rachels as Ross walks through the door. Rachel is holding the
chrome star and crying.]Ross: Ohh, whats wrong?!Rachel: Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and
everything is changing.
Ross: Oh myCome here! Come here! (He hugs her.) Its okay.
Everythings gonna be okay.Rachel: Thank you.
Ross: Of course.
(Ross suddenly realizes something.)
Ending Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are talking.]
Joey: So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married,
do you think you and I should hook up?
Phoebe: Oh we do, but not just yet.
Joey: Really?! Well, when?
Phoebe: Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy
rich by the way. Yeah. But it wont work out.Joey: Wow.
Phoebe: I know. Then, Im gonna marry Chandler for the money and
youll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.Joey: Great!
Phoebe: But then we ditch those two and thats when we get married.
Well have Chandlers money and Rachels kids and getting custody will be
easy because of Rachels drinking problem.Joey: Oh-oh, what about Ross?
Phoebe: I dont want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and
I kill him.End
