Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Phoebe is at the sink and Chandler is looking
at a ring brochure.]
Chandler: Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I
cant figure this out! Its so hard! Should I get her a (turning to each page)
Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or aah-ah! Paper cut!Phoebe: Now, have you told anyone else?
Chandler: No, I dont want to tell anybody else because I dont want
Monica to find out.Phoebe: You told me.
Chandler: Well, its because I trust you, youre one of my best
friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.Phoebe: Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadnt
been on the toilet.Chandler: Me too.
(Joey and Ross enter causing Chandler to quickly hide the brochure behind his back.)
Joey: Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)
Chandler: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse? 
Chandler: Oh all right.
Phoebe: Yeah, coffeehouse.
Ross: Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.
Chandler: Oh well, we dont because we gottheother pl-place.(Joey returns with a piece of pizza as Chandler and Phoebe exit.)
Ross: How rude.
Joey: Oh, Im sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]
Phoebe: So how are things going with Paul?
Rachel: Good. Although yknow, he-hes a private guy. Yknow, I
wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.Phoebe: Thats easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles
that wont open.Rachel: So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his
head against a table?
Phoebe: No thats what you do when you want to get the truth out of
someone.Paul: (entering) Hi honey.
Rachel: Hi!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Watch this.
Paul: (To Rachel) How are you?
Rachel: (To Phoebe) Okay.
Phoebe: Hi Paul!
Paul: Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe: So how are things going with you?
Paul: Cant complain.(Phoebe turns to Rachel and mimes remove a lid of a jar. Ross enters and Paul motions
for Rachel to leave with him now.)
Paul: (whispering) Come on.
Rachel: Okay. (Gets up and starts to leave with Paul.)
Paul: (To Ross) Hey!
Ross: Hi!
(They shake hands and their lines overlap.)
Paul: Ross! 
Ross: Great to see you!
Paul: Good to see you too!
Ross: How you doing?
Paul: Good. Bye! (Starts to leave.)
Ross: Okay! You take care! 
(Ross turns his back on Paul and makes a I hate that guy face. Paul does
the same thing.)Ross: Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off
before?
Phoebe: Yeah! That was so weird, huh?
Ross: Phoebe, whyd you do it?Phoebe: I didnt do it! It was Chandler! Hes Hes mad at
you!Ross: What?! Why?!
Phoebe: Please, I think you know why.
Ross: I cant think of anything.Phoebe: Come on Ross, youre a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.Ross: Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didnt invite him to that
Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?Phoebe: Do you think thats something that hed be mad at you for?Ross: I guess it could.
Phoebe: Well then I think thats it.Ross: Well, if hes angry, he really shouldnt just cover it up. I-I
wish he would just tell me the truth.Phoebe: Oh, if thats what you want you then you really should run his head
under hot water and bang his head against a table.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul and Rachel are getting ready to go out. Paul is
entering from the bathroom.]
Paul: Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?
Rachel: Yeah thats great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me
about your day.Paul: It was fine.
Rachel: Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
Paul: Im thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.Rachel: Yeah thats great Paul, but yknow I wanna know
what(Puts her hands on his shoulders)Wow, those are really great! I just wanna
know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Yknow they say that
still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.Paul: Are you talking about having sex?
Rachel: No Paul, I dont know anything about you! Yknow, like-like
your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!Paul: Normal.
Rachel: Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, thats always a painful
time! Yknow your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand
in warm water while youre sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.Paul: Nope! That never happened to me!
Rachel: Well, youre lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway,
umm The rest of you life, yknow? Any regrets?Paul: Nope.
Rachel: All right Paul, Im not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me
something. Anything!Paul: Okay.
Rachel: Okay.
Paul: Okay.
Rachel: All right.
Paul: When I was six years old.
Rachel: Hm-mmm.
Paul: I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic
chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a
pretty tough year.
Rachel: Thats-thats great! See? I already feel like I know you a
little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Lets go. (Gets up to
leave, but Paul doesnt move.)Paul: It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Rachel: Oh!
[Time Lapse, Paul is now weeping uncontrollably in Rachels arms.]Paul: And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasnt really a
fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little
scare right here (points to it) you can see it.Rachel: Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really
great that-that yknow, you shared your feelings. Its really, its
beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?Paul: Oh, I couldnt eat now.Rachel: What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao
Chicken!
Paul: Chicken? (Pointing to himself.) Chicken boy!
Rachel: My God, Im sorry! Im sorry! I didnt mean to do that! I
wouldnt do that!(Paul screams like a chicken and breaks down into tears again.)
[Scene: A Jewelry Shop, Chandler and Phoebe are looking at engagement rings.]
Chandler: Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store weve been too and
I cant find the perfect ring! (Goes over to another display counter and starts
pointing at rings.) Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! (Notices that one of the jewelers is
watching him.) Its a beautiful selection. (The jeweler walks away slowly.)Phoebe: Okay, so maybe you dont get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do
something different. Yknow? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, yknow?
Or an engagement tiara? Orooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up
from the display in the corner.Chandler: Yknow, Im so glad I picked you to help me with this.Phoebe: Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this
gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Chandler: Yeah, Im gonna stick with the ring. (Goes to another display
counter.) Oh, this ones nice! (Pointing to another ring.) I like this one! Sir? Uh,
kind sir? Can I see this one?Phoebe: (coming over after returning the musket) Wait a minute, no, this is,
this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from
here on out.
Male Jeweler: Can I help you?
Chandler: Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Phoebe: Or not, whatever.
Male Jeweler: This ring is from the 1920s, its a one and a half carat
diamond with sapphires on either side.Chandler: Sir, can I ask you to umm, could youhold out that ring and ask
me to marry you?Male Jeweler: Okay. (Holds out the ring, deadpan.) Will you marry me?
Chandler: (choking up) Oh my God thats it, thats the ring! How much
is it?Phoebe: Chandler, I-I will handle this! (To the jeweler) How much is it?
Male Jeweler: 8,600.
Phoebe: We will give you $10.
Male Jeweler: (angrily) Are you interested in this ring?!
Chandler: Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
Male Jeweler: Okay, I can let it go at eight.
Phoebe: We stand firm at $10.
Male Jeweler: (ignoring her) How would you like to pay?
Chandler: Uh, credit card. (Reaches for it then realizes) Oh no! No-no, but I
left my credit card with Joey. (To Phoebe) Okay, Ill go get it. You guard the ring.Phoebe: Okay. (To the jeweler) Listen, Im sorry about before. Do you have
anything her for $10.Male Jeweler: Uh yes, I have these two rather beautiful $5 bills. (Holds them up
from his pocket.) 
Phoebe: Ill give you $1 for them.[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Joey are there.]
Ross: Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
Joey: No.
Ross: Remember? You-you were eating pizza.
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Okay. Well, apparently Chandlers angry at us for not getting him a
ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.Joey: Oh, were supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always
mooching off of us!Ross: Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up,
yknow? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and
invite him.Joey: Oh wow thats a great idea! And I still have his credit card.Gunther: (handing them the bill) Here you go.
Ross: Oh. (Starts to get his money) 
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther
Chandlers card.) Yknow I gotta tell ya, sometimes I justI dont get
Chandler. Yknow, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you dont get
all upset.Ross: All the time?
Joey: All the time!
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is there as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God!!
Monica: Still crying?
Rachel: Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault;
I wanted him to open up. But God, I didnt know that I was gonna unleash this-this
weepy, clingy, moist monster!Monica: Yknow, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one
of them is sex.Rachel: Whats the other one?Monica: I dont know, Ive never had to use the other one. Im
just saying yknow, if were having sex, hes not gonna be talking.Rachel: Oh thats right. Youre the talker. (They both reflect on that
briefly) Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy
him some more tissues.Monica: Oh, we have someRachel: No you dont![Scene: The Jewelry Store, Phoebe is busy trying on virtually everything in the store.
Shes got earrings, rings, bracelets, and enough necklaces to put Mr. T to shame on.]Phoebe: Okay umm, Id also like to try on the tiara. (The male jeweler
hands it to her.) Oh yeah. Okay. (Puts it on.) (To the jeweler) What do you think, too
much?Male Jeweler: A tad.
Phoebe: Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. (He
hands it to her and Phoebe poses in front of one of those small mirrors.) Somethings
missing. Its not Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.Male Jeweler: (to the female jeweler) Wheres the 1920s princess cut ring.Female Jeweler: I just sold it to that gentleman. (Points to the one walking out
the store.)
Phoebe: Oh my God!! (She runs after him, but sets of the security system, which
locks the stores door and brings down a set of bars behind her, caging her in.) No!
What?! Help me! Let me out! Now! (Points the musket at them.)Commercial Break
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul is still crying as Chandler enters.]
Paul: Rachel?
Chandler: No. How are ya Paul? (Starts to look for his credit card.)
Paul: (acting manly to try and cover up his crying) Okay. Chandler, did your dad
ever hug you?
Chandler: No, did he hug you?!
Paul: No! No! Its just that, my dad never did. I miss my dad.Chandler: Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
Paul: Hey Chandler?
Chandler: Yeah?
Paul: Would you.Would you hug me?Chandler: Im a little busy here Paul.Paul: Thats exactly what my dad used to say! (Starts to breakdown again.)Chandler: Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. (Paul rushes over and hugs
Chandler tightly.) Oh hey! There you go. (The hug continues.) Okay. (The hug continues.)
Paul: Five more seconds.
Chandler: Okay! (Pushes him away.)
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Paul: Joey! (Goes over and hugs Joey and picks him off of his feet.)
Joey: Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler, "Whats going
on?") Hi, Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)Chandler: Do you have my credit card?
Joey: Yes, its in my Inin my pocket. (Paul hasnt dropped
him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!Chandler: Thank God! (Grabs his card.)
Joey: Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
Chandler: Oh, I cant go.Joey: Come on! Itll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and Paul
probably[Scene: The Jewelry Store, Chandler is entering with his credit card and Phoebe is
holding out another ring for him.]
Phoebe: Chandler, I found the perfect ring. (Holding it out for her.)
Chandler: Oh, thats uh, thats pretty nice but Im gonna go with
the one I picked first.Phoebe: Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. Its over!Chandler: What?
Phoebe: Some guy bought it. Im sorry. I tired to stop it but they (points
to the jeweler) put me in jail!Chandler: They put you in jail?
Phoebe: The little jail between the doors!
Chandler: Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
Phoebe: I know, Im sorry! But yknow, this ring is better! Monica
never even saw the other ring.Chandler: Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Phoebe: Maybe it was the guy.
Chandler: It was the ring!
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is on the couch and Joey is entering.]
Ross: Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
Joey: No! He blew us off!
Ross: What?!
Joey: I know!
Ross: I cant believe it. (Pause) Can I tell you something? Im a
little mad at him now.Joey: Can I tell you something? Me too.
Ross: Yknow what? He didnt want to talk to us about being angry,
well maybe we dont talk to him at all!Joey: Ooooh! Freeze him out.
Ross: Thats right!Joey: I like it!
Ross: Eh? Well show him!Joey: From now on, its gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. (They shake
hands.) Okay! Were gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Paul is writing something as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Hi. Im back.Paul: Hey! I have so much more to tell ya, Ive written it all down!Rachel: Ah thats great. No actually thats (In a sexy voice)
Thats great! Thats really great! Yknow, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean
writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.Paul: Wait! Wait! Listen! Listen to this! (Flips a couple pages and points to
something.) Yknow what I wanted to be when I was that age?Rachel: A lover?
Paul: A surfer.
Rachel: Oh yeah surfer?
Paul: I wanted to be one with the waves, yknow?Rachel: Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, (sits on the
counter and buttons her sweater to show some cleavage) get a little more comfortable here.
Wait, now wait a second, this isnt too revealing is it?Paul: (barely glancing at her) No. What ever happened to that little dude.
(Pause) So full of dreamsRachel: I dont care about the little dude! I cant! I cannot listen
to anymore of this! Yknow, the only person who would want to listen to this is a
mental health professional! And then its only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do
you know how much money I couldve made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know
when I figured that out? While you were talking!Paul: What?! I cant believe youre trying to stifle me! When just 14
hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!Rachel: Oh Im sorry. I I-I dont meanI didnt
mean to stifle you. I This is all just a little overwhelming.Paul: Oh Rachel, Im so sorry. I didnt mean to overwhelm you.
Its just that, when those gates open, you (Starts to breakdown.) Hard to close
em. But they are closed now. Believe me.Rachel: Im so glad, Im so glad you shared. (Feeling his shoulder.)
And Im glad that youre done. What do you say we umm (Nods in the
direction of the bedroom.)Paul: I would really like that. (They kiss.)
[Scene: Rachels Bedroom, Paul and Rachel are recovering.]Paul: That wasso good. (Starts crying again.)[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is looking at the ring he bought and
not liking it.]
Phoebe: (entering from her room) Hey.
Chandler: I cant believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball
machine looking ring!Phoebe: Its not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! Its a
beautiful ring!Chandler: No, its not! When I looked at the other ring I could see
Monicas face when I gave it to her, yknow? And I could see her saying yes.
When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then
I can see my own eye. (Does so and laughs.) Look, this is the most important thing
Im gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure its perfect.Phoebe: Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back.
Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we
can get him to trade rings or something.Chandler: I cant do that.Phoebe: Well you certainly cant give her that stupid gumball ring.[Scene: A Restaurant, Chandler and Phoebe are entering. This is the place where the guy
who bought Chandlers ring is going to propose.]Phoebe: There he is! (Points.)
Chandler: Okay and he hasnt proposed yet because she has no ring on her
finger.Phoebe: Wow! Youre good! After this, we should solve crimes.Chandler: Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.
Phoebe: Oh, okay. (Walks over to him.) Excuse me sir? Could you come with me
please? You have a phone call.
Customer: Who is it?
Phoebe: It is your office.
Customer: Do you know who at my office?
Phoebe: John?
Customer: Oh John! Great!
(She brings him over to Chandler.)
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Here he is.
Chandler: (to him) Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store,
the ring youre about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, Im
gonna need to have that back. (The guy isnt sure.) But, in exchange Im willing
to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. (Looking at the ring.) Ew.Phoebe: Wow! I would trade.
Customer: It is beautiful, but Im gonna use this one. Now, if youll
excuse me.Chandler: No-no! This is my fiancee (Phoebe) and her heart was set on that ring.
You dont want to break her heart now do you?Phoebe: Yeah, do you want to break a dying womans heart?Customer: Youre dying?!(Phoebe coughs.)
Chandler: Yeah, shes dying Of a cough apparently.Phoebe: Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if Im not
buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all
eternityChandler: (interrupting her) Okay, thats enough honey!Customer: I dont know. (Pause) Let me see the ring.Chandler: Great! Okay, here. (Holds the ring up for him.)
Customer: (looks at it) All right. (Exchanges rings.)
Chandler: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! (To his girlfriend) And you
are about to marry a wonderful man! (She stunned and hes horrified.) Hey! Im
marrying a dead woman![Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are watching TV as Chandler enters.]
Chandler: Guys? (They ignore him.) Ive got something important to tell ya.
(Still nothing so he walks over and stands in front of the TV.) Guys? (They lean over to
try and watch the TV, Chandler mimics them.) Guys?! (Pause) Im gonna ask Monica to
marry me.Joey: (To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
Ross: Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?
Chandler: Yeah, check out the ring. (Shows it to them.)
Joey: Oh my God!!
Ross: So you two are really serious?!
Chandler: Yep, pretty much.
Ross: You-youre gonna get married?! I mean Were gonna be
brothers-in-law! (They hug.)Joey: And-and-and-and-and-and, and were gonna be friends again!Chandler: (goes to hug him and stops short) HeyyyyWhat?Joey: Oh its water under the bridge, forget it!Chandler: Okay! (They hug.) I was gonna wait til uh, it was official
yknow? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because youre my best
friends.Joey: I think Im gonna cry!Rachel: (who has just entered) Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one
cry baby, Ill dump you too!(Ross and Joey urge Chandler to tell Rachel.)
Chandler: Im gonna ask Monica to marry me.Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh Chandler!! (Hugs him.) You guys are gonna be so
happy!
Chandler: I know.
Joey: (holding an empty tissue box) Wheres all the tissues?! (Throws the
box down in disgust.)Ending Credits
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, continued from earlier. Chandler is showing Rachel the
ring.]
Chandler: Check out the ring.
Rachel: (gasps) Nice! One and a half carat easy.
Phoebe: (entering) Hi.
Ross: Hey-hey Pheebs!
Phoebe: What?
Ross: Chandlers gonna ask Monica to marry him!Phoebe: Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.
(Chandler laughs, turns, and sees that Ross and Joey arent happy.)Ross: You told her before you told us?
Chandler: Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can
understand that, right? (Ross and Joey look at each other and go back to watching the game
on TV.) Guys? Guys? (Walks in front of them again.)
End
