Teleplay by: Gigi McCreery & Perry Rein
Story by: Seth Kurland
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Joey and now Rachel's apartment, Joey has the fridge pulled out away from the
wall and is in the process of pulling off the cooling grate behind it.]
Joey: Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a
screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and
shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge! 
(Rachel enters from her new room.)
Rachel: Hi Joey, how ya doin?Joey: Great! Roomie!
Rachel: Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
Joey: Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to
get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Rachel: Im not paying for half of that! Im only staying here until
my apartment gets fixed.Joey: Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now,
I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that
tell ya?Rachel: That refrigerators dont live as long as people.Joey: All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a
time, Ill take a check for the other hundred.Rachel: Youre jokin right?Joey: Of course Im jokin! I dont take checks.Rachel: Thank God youre pretty. (Exits.)Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Hey!
All: Hi! Hey!
Rachel: Do you guys know any cute guys?
Chandler: Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. (Pats Joeys
arm, Joey pats Chandlers shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same
about him.)Joey: Oh, Im sorry. Thank you Chandler.Rachel: Anyway, theres this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren
bought a table, so I kinda have to goMonica: Whats the charity?Rachel: I dont know, something either trees or diseaseRalph mumbles
a lot.Monica: Does Ralph mumble when youre not paying attention?Rachel: Yeah! Its weird. But the thing is need to find a date.Phoebe: Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Rachel: Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a
tux.
Chandler: So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
Joey: Ooh! So close.
(Ross and Elizabeth enter.)
Ross: Hey everybody!
All: Hi!
Ross: Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.
Elizabeth: Oh hi!
All: Hi!
Elizabeth: Im the student.Chandler: (laughs) Isnt she cute? (On Monicas death stare) No!Phoebe: Yknow, this is probably none of my business, but werent you
guys supposed to not be seen in public together?Elizabeth: Oh, were not together.Ross: Oh no-no-no, were just two people who happen to run into each other
here at the coffee house. (He winks at her.)Phoebe: Oh, sly.
Elizabeth: Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. Ill
see you later?All: Okay!
Elizabeth: Bye Ross.
Ross: Bye.
(They kiss.)
Elizabeth: Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.
Ross: Oh that is quite all right maam. (Elizabeth exits.)Chandler: So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of
homework to do?
Ross: Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Chandler: Oh, tell her good luck with that.
Ross: Anyone else? Huh? Bring em on!Rachel: Oo! Whens her birthday?!Ross: I dont know Rachel, why?Rachel: Well, yknow its just been so long since Ive been to Chuckie
Cheese.Monica: Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Ross: Well thanks!
Monica: Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early
this year! Yknow, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.Joey: Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, hows it
going with her?Ross: Well, actually its been great. Shes 20 so shes not
looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.Monica: Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Ross: Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really
means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys arePhoebe: (interrupting) Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is sitting at the table and Monica is
doing something in the kitchen.]
Monica: Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
Chandler: Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
Chandler: Oh thats so funny because we found someone too.Phoebe: Oh thats good, I guess shell have a choice between my guy
and your weirdo.Chandler: Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Phoebe: Cause thats just your taste.Monica: (laughs sarcastically) Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
Phoebe: Oh yeah?
Monica: Yeah!
Phoebe: My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these (She
squeezes the skin on her chin together to form)Chandler: A face ass?
Phoebe: A chin dimple!
Monica: Well, uh yknow, our guy works with Chandler and hes really
nice and smart and hes a great dresser!Phoebe: Have you seen your guys body?Chandler: No, our guy is just a floating head.
Phoebe: Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? Hes a massage client and one
time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.Monica: Youre not supposed to look!Phoebe: Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
Chandler: (horrified) Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
Phoebe: I know. (Laughs.)
Monica: All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really
funny.
Phoebe: Oh, Chandler funny?
Monica: Our guys a great dancer!Phoebe: My guy is well read.
Chandler: Our guy has great hair.
Phoebe: My guy has great teeth!
Chandler: Our guy smells incredible.
Monica: (To Chandler) Do you want our guy to be your guy?
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering to find Joey bingeing on the
food from the fridge. Joey isnt doing all that well.]Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Huh.
Chandler: Well, youdont look good Joe.Joey: The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream,
limesHey, what was in that brown jar?Chandler: Thats still in there?!Joey: Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?
Chandler: Is this a service youre providing me?Joey: No! No! No! For my new fridgeour new fridge!Chandler: Our new fridge? I dont live here anymore.Joey: So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
Chandler: Uh-huh.
Joey: And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I
gotta buy a new kid.
Chandler: (not quite sure where Joeys going and is a little worried)
OkayJoey: (pause) Give me $400!
[Scene: Rosss office, hes unlocking his office door as Elizabeth walks up.]Elizabeth: Professor Geller?
Ross: Hmm? (Turns around and sees that its Elizabeth) Oh, a student I dont
know.Elizabeth: I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?
Ross: Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Elizabeth: Making out in your office.
Ross: Shh! (Laughs then composes himself) Of course, why dont we go
inside?(They go inside and Ross closes the door. When he turns around Elizabeth walks up to
him, pushes him back against the door, and starts kissing him.)
Ross: Oh-ooh!
Elizabeth: What?
Ross: Doorknob! Doorknob!
Elizabeth: Oh! Sorry! Umm, I actually do need to talk to you.
Ross: Oh, okay. What-what about?
Elizabeth: Spring vacation.
Ross: Spring vacation.
Elizabeth: Yeah, we have time off and a lot of people are going on trips(Another professor barges in.)
Professor Feesen: Professor Geller!
Ross: (quickly jumping away from Elizabeth) Yes, professor
Feesen-sen-stenlger Ill be with you in one moment. (To Elizabeth) So, I will
take one box of the Thin Mints. (And he ushers Elizabeth out of the office.)[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Ross, Chandler, and Joey are entering.]
Ross: You dont understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip
with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, Im not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I
tell her?Chandler: Just tell her the truth! Tell her youre not ready.Ross: I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
Chandler: Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Joey: Or! You can just, yknow (He walks up close to whisper in
Rosss ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)Ross: What the hell are you doing?
Joey: What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
Ross: What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Joey: Oh-ho-ho, you think I dont know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me!
(He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! Thatll be $400!Chandler: Joey, I saw you push him!
Joey: (pause) You pushed him!
Ross: Joey, I did not break this! Okay? (He opens the freezer and smells inside
and recoils in disgust.) That has been broken for a while.
Joey: All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
Chandler: Uh-huh.
Joey: I still havent gotten a check for your half yet.Ross: Do not give him any money!
Joey: Im not talking to you! You broke my fridge![Scene: Rosss office, hes opening the door to Elizabeth.]Elizabeth: You wanted to see me Professor Geller?
Ross: Yes. Yes! Please, come in.
(She does so, he closes the door, and she pushes him against the doorknob again.)
Ross: Oo-oo!
Elizabeth: Doorknob?
Ross: Yeah, it kinda grows on you. (They both laugh.) Actually, I wanted to
finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Elizabeth: Oh good.
Ross: Look, I (He has trouble sitting in his chair.) Look, Im having
a great time with you and I just dont want us to move to fast or put to much
pressure on us. So, Im sorry I just dont think we should go away together yet.
Its-its too soon.Elizabeth: Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to
tell you that Im going to Florida for a couple weeks.Ross: No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant
wasElizabeth: You are so adorable.
Ross: That! Lets talk about that.[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.]
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Ross: Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She
didnt want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that shes going
to Florida for spring vacation.Chandler: Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for
spring break? (Does a little whooping/party noise.)
Ross: Whats-whats the difference?Monica: Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents.
Spring break youre doing frat guys.Ross: Hey, yknow what? Not all spring breaks are like that.Phoebe: What did you do on yours?
Ross: I went to Egypt with my dad.
Chandler: I can see it now, "Look dad, its the Sphinx!" (Does
that party noise again.)Ross: Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring
break!" (Imitates the party noise.) All right? I mean shes taken my class!Monica: And slept with the professor.
Ross: Im gonna call her.Chandler: Yeah.
(Ross leaves to do so and Rachel enters with a guy.)
Rachel: Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.
Sebastian: Hi.
Rachel: We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field
& Stream. (Chandlers shocked.) What? I read that.Sebastian: Can I get you a cup of coffee?
Rachel: Oh yes! Thank you! (He does so and Rachel sits down on the couch.)
Phoebe: Rachel, what the hell is this?!
Rachel: (shocked) What?
Phoebe: You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your
own!
Rachel: You found me a guy?
Monica: Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandlers work!Phoebe: Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Rachel: Well, yknow what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I
think Im just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.Chandler: Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
Monica: Uh, would you stop it with that already?!
(Sebastian returns with the coffee.)
Sebastian: Here you go. (Hands her, her cup.)
Rachel: Oh, thank you.
Sebastian: Sure.
Phoebe: So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?
Sebastian: Uh, no not really. Why?
Phoebe: No reason, its just I know a single guy that cares about other
people.Chandler: Are you funny?
Sebastian: Excuse me?
Rachel: What are you guys doing?
Monica: Are you funny? Tell us a joke!
Sebastian: Look, I just wanted to have coffee with Rachel.
Phoebe: Well, so do a lot of people.
Sebastian: Actually, I uh, I gotta get going. (To Rachel) Give me a call
sometime.
Rachel: Oh, but yknow, no, you didnt give me your phone number.Sebastian: Okay! See you later! (Exits.)
Chandler: (To Monica) Turns out he is kinda funny. 
Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]
Rachel: I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of
you!
Chandler: Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cats name?Phoebe: Yeah, yknow what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the
kind of guy youd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to
dance?" (Imitates him.) "Uhh, okayI gotta go!"Monica: All right guys stop it. Rachel, were very sorry that is a very
insensitive thing for us to do. And yknow what? Let us make it up to you, we have
two really great guys for you.Phoebe: Yeah! What have you got to lose? Yknow you might even end up with
someone really special (whispers) if you pick my guy.Rachel: All right.
Chandler: Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Rachel: Yes, Ill meet em.Chandler: Okay now it doesnt matter which one you choose, yknow?
Its completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe
deemed not good enough to go out with herself.Joey: (entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me
400 bucks!
Phoebe: Okay sure!
Joey: Really?!
Phoebe: Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your
last ten auditions.
Joey: Call it even?
Phoebe: Okay.
(Ross returns.)
Chandler: (To Ross) Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Ross: Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo.
That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girls bodies,
waking up next to people you dont even knowJoey: Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel
Corona?
Chandler: You know the hotels?
Joey: Sure! I was there! Spring Break 81! Woo-hoo!Monica: In 1981 you were 13!
Joey: So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And yknow who
knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.Ross: Okay, she cant go.Phoebe: Ross, you cant tell her not to go. You just started dating.Ross: Then what am I supposed to do?
Phoebe: Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
Ross: Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Chandler: Well, maybe you dont marry this one.[Scene: Elizabeths apartment, she is packing for her trip as Ross watches.]Ross: Im so glad youre going on this trip!Elizabeth: Yeah! Ive been working so hard this semester. I really need to
go crazy yknow, blow off some steam.Ross: Sure. Sure. Look I dont, I dont know if your plans are
finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.Elizabeth: What?
Ross: Are you into crafts at all?
Elizabeth: Ross, are you okay?
Ross: Well, yeah, of-of course Im okay! What? Im just being
supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and (notices something) what-what
is uh, whats this? (He holds up a rather skimpy bathing suit.)Elizabeth: Its a bathing suit?Ross: To wear in front of people?
Elizabeth: Is that supportive?
Ross: Is this?!
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is reading as Monica and Chandler enter.]
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Good-good-good-good.
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Rachel: Hi!
Monica: Were really glad you decided to meet our guy.Rachel: OhMonica: Youre gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet
him?Rachel: I dont know. I know I dont work late tomorrow night.Chandler: Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, yknow
what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? (Laughs) Eldad come
here! (He stands up from the next table.)Rachel: What?
Monica: Eldad, this is Rachel.
Eldad: How are you?
Rachel: Well-well a little blind sided but yknow good.Chandler: Eldad, sit down. (To Rachel) Move over! Move over now!
Rachel: IOhh! (Moves over and lets Eldad sit on the couch.)Chandler: There you go! There you are! (Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)
Monica: Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! (They start to leave but run into Phoebe
with her guy in tow.) (To Phoebe) What are you doing here?!
Phoebe: This is Patrick. (Points to him.)
Patrick: Hi.
Chandler: Hi. (To Phoebe) Okay, youre too late okay? Because shes
already with our guy.Phoebe: (looks) Oh my God, youre right! I am too late; theyre
sitting on the couch and talking! (To Patrick) Come on! (They go over to the couch.)
Rachel?Rachel: Yeah?
Phoebe: This is Patrick.
Rachel: Oh, hi.
Patrick: Hi.
Phoebe: Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about. 
Rachel: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to whats
underneath it.Rachel: Oh-okay, but Pheebs?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Rachel: Im just sort of in the middle of something.Phoebe: Oh! Okay! Yeah, thats okay. (To Patrick) Have a seat. (Sits
Patrick down next to Rachel.)Monica: No! You cant do that!Eldad: Maybe I should go!
Monica: (stopping him) Sit down! Were winning!Rachel: Okay, yknow what? Maybe I should go!All: (Chandler stops her) No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!
Monica: Rachel! Rachel! You havent touched Eldads hair!Chandler: It is the softest hair! Touch it! (Both he and Monica do so.)
Rachel: Yeah, Im good.Phoebe: Rachel? Patrick is really rich. (To Patrick) Give her some money.
Patrick: Yknow what Phoebe? This isnt really worth the free massage.Monica: Thats right Patrick, bye-bye!Chandler: (To Rachel) Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! (To
Eldad) You dance for Rachel!
(He starts to get up, but Rachel stops him.)
Rachel: No-no! Dont dance for me! Please? Dont! (She gets up to yell
at her friends.) What is the matter with you guys?Phoebe: Yeah, okay, lets talk it out.Rachel: I Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?Eldad: Im a little embarrassed. (Chandler shushes him.)Rachel: Ill tell ya who should be embarrassed! Its you guys! Come
on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!Phoebe: Then why did she ask us toRachel: I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually
liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean (To Patrick) congratulations on all
the cash, (He nods) and-and yknow(Feels Eldads hair)Wow! You do
have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through
anymore of this! Good-bye! (Grabs her stuff, starts to leave, then turns back suddenly,
and to Eldad) Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!Eldad: Yes, Papaya Extract.
Rachel: Thank you! (Storms out.)
[Scene: The airport, Elizabeths flight is about to leave and Ross is there to
send her off.]Ross: So uh, have a great time down there.
Elizabeth: I will.
Ross: Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
Elizabeth: Yeah.
Ross: It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm,
I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because its revealing which Im
fine with, no Im concerned about your health, sun exposure.Elizabeth: Oh, dont worry I have plenty of sun block, its SPF-30.Ross: Well, if whats in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you
get 30, sometimes its-its get 4, and I swear to God more often than not
its just milk.Elizabeth: Ross, its going to be okay. Im not going down there to
hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.Ross: Really?
Elizabeth: Yeah! Im just going down there to relax and hang out with my
friends.Ross: Okay. Cool.
Elizabeth: Oh hey! Here they are!
(A group of about 10 guys and no women come running around the corner.)
Guy: Elizabeth!
(The guys pick up Elizabeth and carry her onto the plane as she waves bye.)
Ross: Call me!
Ending Credits
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Rachel, Chandler, and Phoebe are there.]
Phoebe: Rachel, were sorry for pushing those guys on you.Rachel: Oh thats all right! Yknow, I ended up having a really good
time. Yknow, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and
awareness.Chandler: So what was it for anyway?
Rachel: I wanna say a disease.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
All: Hey!
Joey: I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
Rachel: Huh. All right.
(Rachel does so and its one of those dance party shows they have during spring
break and we see)Phoebe: Oh my God, look! Thats Elizabeth!(Suddenly Ross jumps in and starts dancing with her.)
Rachel: Oh-oh Professor Geller.
Joey: Ahh, to be 13 again.
Chandler: Yeah.
End
