Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is still looking out the window as Joey enters.]
Joey: (sees Rachel) Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to
uh Oh wait, I dont have to lie to you, you dont live here anymore. Uh,
Im eating their food. What are you doing?Rachel: Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and
a-half-hours ago.
Joey: Whoa, I didnt know we could date your sister!(Chandler and Monica enter from their room and Joey quickly hides the bag of potato
chips behind his back.)
Monica: Joey we know you steal our food.
(Joey offers them some potato chips.)
Chandler: Im good.Monica: (To Rachel) Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
Rachel: Yeah. And yknow who shouldve shut their drapes? Is that
perverted old couple two doors over.Chandler: (looking) Is that a swing?
Rachel: Oh dont even ask!Chandler: Yuck!
Joey: I cant believe Ross went out with Rachels sister! When
Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.Chandler: That was like 5 years ago.
Joey: Yeah you got 5 years left!
Chandler: JoeyJoey: You wanna make it 6?!
Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is on the couch reading as Rachel enters. Its the next
day.]Rachel: Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: (to Gunther) Ill take a coffee. (To Ross) So how was your big date
last night?Ross: Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.
Rachel: Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?
Ross: I guess so.
Rachel: So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut
the drapes!
Ross: No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my
favorite fossils.
Rachel: Oh, slides. (Laughs.) So really nothing happened.
Ross: Something couldve happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides.
And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.Rachel: Right. Was it the, "Please dont show me another picture of a
trilobite vibe?"Ross: Anyway, if she, if she wasnt in to me, why-why would she ask me out
again?Rachel: She asked-asked you out again?
Ross: Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentines Day, the most romantic day
of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my
slides, if you know what I mean.Rachel: Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I
cant! I cant! I cant! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I
just cant. Its just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together
and I freak out. It freaks me out. I cant do it! I cant do it.Ross: (while Rachel is finishing her rant) Okay! Okay! Okay! Its okay.
(Rachel stops.) Its okay. Hey, its too weird for you, I wont see her
again.Rachel: Thank you. Iyeah.Ross: I mean after tomorrow night.
Rachel: No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I cant! I cant do it!
(Starts to freak out.) Its just gonna freak me out!!!Ross: Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! Ill-Ill tell
her tonight I cant see her anymore.Rachel: Ross thanks.
Ross: You want me to call her right now?
Rachel: Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on thats-thats
crazyI mean thats crazy. So whats-whats going on with you? What is
going on with you?Ross: Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
Rachel: Yeah do it now, call right now.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Joey are watching ET.]
Monica: (crying) This is my favorite part.
Phoebe: (crying) Yeah me too.
(We see the TV and its the last scene where ET is saying goodbye.)Phoebe: Oh yknow whats sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for
three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself
so I was partly crying for that.Chandler: (totally not crying) Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi
is a cartoon!
Joey: (crying) You didnt cry when Bambis mother died?Chandler: Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
Monica: Chandler theres nothing wrong with crying! I mean you dont
have to be so macho all the time.Chandler: Im not macho.Monica: Yeah youre right. I dont know what I was thinking.Chandler: No, I guess I just never really cried. Yknow? Im not a
crying kind of guy.Joey: Come on man theres gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like
uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?Chandler: Id be sad sure, but I wouldnt cry.Joey: Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other
puppies pick on me."
Chandler: Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, Im rich!Monica: Oh, Ive got it! I have got it! (Gets up and gets something from
the dresser underneath the TV.) Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going
good!(Chandler starts paging through the album.)
Phoebe: All right, whats going on there? (Points to a picture.)Chandler: Oh, thats Parents Day, first grade. Thats me with
the janitor Martin.Monica: Where were your parents?
Chandler: Oh they didnt want to come!Phoebe: Oh Chandler!
Monica: Poor thing!
Phoebe: So that story doesnt make you cry?Chandler: No! Look, I dont cry! Its not a big deal! Okay?!Joey: No! Its not okay! Its not okay at all!! Youre dead
inside!![Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is putting away her guitar as a man approaches.]
The Fan: Excuse me.
Phoebe: Yeah?
The Fan: Are you Phoebe Buffay?
Phoebe: Yeah.
The Fan: Can-can I get your autograph, Im your biggest fan. (Holds out a
napkin and a pen.)Phoebe: Oh youre my biggest fan? Ive always wanted to meet you! Hi!
(Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph)The Fan: Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think youre really
talented.Phoebe: Youre just saying that because youre my biggest fan. (The
fan leaves and Joey approaches.) (To Joey) Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay?
(Points) Hes a fan. (To the fan as shes leaving) Bye! (Exits)Joey: (to the fan) So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to,
want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
The Fan: I have no idea what youre talking about. But I, but I just got
Phoebe Buffays autograph!Joey: Oh, youre Phoebes fan!The Fan: Oh yeah! Ive seen all her movies.Joey: Movies?
The Fan: That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
Joey: (laughs) I dont think so.The Fan: No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I
got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store arent gonna believe this!
(Exits.)Joey: Hey Gunther, dont let that guy in here anymore! He just said
Phoebes a porn star!Gunther: Well, I wouldnt call her a star, but shes really good. You
should check out Inspecther Gadget.[Scene: Central Perk, time lapse, Rachel is at the counter as Jill enters.]
Jill: Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Jill: Youll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me
off and he didnt even tell me why!Rachel: Ohhh well. Yknow what honey? The best thing to do to get over a
guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work
named Bob! Hes a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.Jill: Yknow, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but Im not gonna date
some random guy from your work.Rachel: Its not random, its Bob.Jill: Its probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he
doesnt like the way I dressNo that cant be it. Its really gotta be
the smart thing. Oh Im so stupid! Im just like this incredibly pretty
stupid girl!Rachel: No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because
I asked him to.
Jill: You asked him too?!
Rachel: Hm-mmm.
Jill: Why?!
Rachel: Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge historyJill: I dont understand, do you want to go out with Ross?Rachel: No.
Jill: You dont want him, but you dont want me to have him?Rachel: (changing the subject) Yknow Bob in Human ResourcesJill: Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I
was! (Gasps) You had me doubting my fashion sense!
Rachel: Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just dont date Ross!
Theres a million other guys out there, you justJill: Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.
Rachel: Im not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to
do!Jill: Why are you so jealous of me?
Rachel: Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being
a brat! Wanting what you cant have!Jill: Cant have?! Excuse me, the only thing I cant have is dairy!
(Starts to storm out.)Rachel: All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
Jill: Who?!
Rachel: In Human Resources!!!!!!
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is ranting about Jill to Chandler and Monica.]
Rachel: I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess
Caroline?!Monica: Youre jealous of Princess Caroline?Rachel: Do I have my own castle?
(Joey and Ross enter.)
Ross: Hey! Uh, Phoebes not here is she?Rachel: No.
Monica: (noticing the bag Joeys carrying) Oh great! Did you get a movie?Joey: Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I dont think its the kind
youre gonna like.Chandler: You didnt get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for
the tissues all night did you?(Joey and Ross exchange looks.)
Joey: Sort ofMonica: Guys, whats going on?Joey: (holds up the movie) Phoebes a porn star!All: What?!!
(They all run over to Joey and Ross, Chandler grabs the movie and reads the title.)
Chandler: Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.
Rachel: Oh my God!
Monica: Thats Phoebe! Where did you get that?Joey: Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
Ross: And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of
him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didnt know he was in there. (They
all kinda look at him.)Rachel: Wow! I mean, I justI cant, I cant believe this.
Yknow, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe whos always been
somewhat of a question mark.Monica: This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, yknow she
had such a terrible childhood.Chandler: Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I dont do porn.Monica: Yes, but you are dead inside.
Joey: All right well, Id better take that back.Monica: Wh-what, why?
Joey: We cant watch that! I mean thats Phoebe!Monica: Yeah youre right, we cantwe shouldnt watch this.Rachel: Absolutely not.
Monica: (hands the tape back to Joey, but doesnt let him grab it)
Yknow maybe a little bit!Rachel: Probably just the first half.
Joey: No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebes our friend! Well,
Im not gonna watch it!Ross: Yeah! Good for you Joe!
Joey: Yeah.
(Ross stands next to him for a second, then goes and watches the movie.)
(The movie starts, its a vampires lair and Buffay, The Vampire Layer enters
dressed in leather and carrying a wooden stake. Suddenly, the vampire opens his coffin and
sits up.Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Ah, I thought Id find you here, Nasforatool.The Vampire: Buffay, are you going to plunge your stake into my dark places?
Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Actually, I was kinda hoping it would be the other
way around.
(At this point, Buffay, the Vampire Layer and Nasforatool start to get it on. Of
course, since this is network TV, we can only see the reactions of the gang to the film
playing off screen.)
Monica: Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Chandler: Her ankle is what youre watching?Rachel: Well its hard to tell (Rachel gets up to get a closer look,
only shes having some trouble.) Oh God, if she would just stop moving.Chandler: Shes just doing her job!Joey: (sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
Rachel: Oh, its a tattoo! Thats weird, Phoebe doesnt
Wait thats Ursula! Thats not Phoebe that is Ursula!(Upon hearing this, Joey cant turn his chair around fast enough and knocks it
over.)Joey: Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Whats up? (Sees the TV) Oh my God! What am I
doing?!!Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is reading Chicken Soup for the Soul as
Monica enters.]
Monica: Hey sweetie!
Chandler: Hey! (He quickly tries to hide the book by throwing it under the
couch, only the couch has no back and it slides into the kitchen.)
Monica: (picking up the book) Chicken Soup for the Soul? 
Chandler: Theres no back to this couch!Monica: Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Chandler: Yeah I know, but I figured a shot yknow? Maybe one of those
stories would make me cry and then you wouldnt think I was yknow, all dead
inside.Monica: Oh thats so sweet! Look Chandler I dont care if you
cant cry, I love you.Chandler: Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
Monica: Stop it!
Chandler: No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married,
were up at the altar and Im like this. (Makes a bored face.)Monica: I wont care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
(Points to her heart.)Chandler: Yeah?
Monica: Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to
you in the delivery room and you dont cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him
to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing,
it wont matter to me.Chandler: Okay, well I wont uh, worry about this anymore then.Monica: And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And youre writing out
my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will
always be with you," and you still cant shed one tiny tear, I know youll
be crying a river inside.Chandler: Aww, I love you soMonica: What is wrong with you?!!!
Chandler: What?!
Monica: What?! You cant shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a
note from the beyond!Chandler: So you didnt mean any of that?!Monica: No you robot!!
[Scene: Ross's apartment, his doorbell is ringing and hes running to answer it
while doing up his pants.]Ross: You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to (Opens the
door to find Jill standing there.) Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-thats just a little game
I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, theyve really taken a liking to me.
(Quickly looks out to see if theyre watching.) Uhh
whats-whats-whats the matter?Jill: Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know
were not supposed to see each other anymore and Im okay with that, its
just that I dont know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to
about it.Ross: Of course, what happened? (Lets her in.)
Jill: (entering) I dont want to talk about it.Ross: Okay, ummJill: But you know what might really cheer me up?
Ross: What?
Jill: Seeing some more of your super-cool slides.
Ross: Wow! Really?!
Jill: Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the
different kinds of sand.
Ross: Well, Id love to! Here, you wait right here and Ill go get the
projector and my notes!Jill: Oh great! Thanks Ross, youre such a good friend!Ross: Ohh!
(He goes into another room to get his projector and notes. While hes gone, Jill
quickly checks her makeup.[Cut to Monica and Chandlers, Rachel is entering.]Rachel: Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I cant find her anywhere.Monica: No, I havent.Rachel: Well, is Ross home? Maybe Ill just call him to see if hes
actually seen her.(She goes to look out the window at Rosss apartment and sees Jill staring at her
and closing the drapes with an evil look on her face. Rachel is stunned into silence.)[Scene: Ursulas apartment, Phoebe is going to confront her twin about her new
porn career.]Ursula: Who is it?
Phoebe: Its Phoebe! Phoebe!(Ursula opens the door and is all dressed up with big hair and lingerie.)
Ursula: Hey!
Phoebe: (seeing her dress) Oh God. So-so youre making porn movies.Ursula: No Im not.(Someone calls out from her apartment.)
Mans Voice: Were still rolling!Phoebe: Youre making one right now!Another Mans Voice: Lets go Phoebe!Phoebe: And-and youre using my name!Ursula: Yeah, can I help you with something?
Same Mans Voice: Phoebe, come on!Phoebe: Look, Im talking right now! Youreyou mean her.Ursula: Yknow, twin stuff is always a real big seller.Phoebe: What?!
Ursula: Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.
Phoebe: No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! (Yells into
the apartment) And shame on all of you! Youre disgusting! Especially you (points to
someone) with that! (Storms away.)[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is setting up for the slide show.]
Ross: Slides are almost ready.
Jill: Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!
Ross: Uh okay, well theres-theres wine in the kitchen.Jill: Oh great! (Goes to get it as the phone rings.)
Ross: (answering it) Hello?
Rachel: (on phone) What is my sister doing there?! And why are the
drapes shut?!
Ross: O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-shes really upset were
just talking.Rachel: Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get
back at me!
Ross: So thats the only reason she could be here huh? It couldnt
have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe Im a good listener and I uh I put
on a great slide show!Rachel: Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
Ross: Yknow what? I think I can take care of myself, Ill talk to you
later. Good-bye. (Hangs up the phone and turns to find Jill sitting really close to him.)
Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that youre just using me.Jill: So? (Kisses him passionately.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is reading a paper as Phoebe enters.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
Joey: Oh no, not you too!
Phoebe: No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffays checks; there were a
lot of them.Joey: Nice!
Phoebe: Um-mmm, and I wont have to go there anymore because I gave
them my correct address.Joey: Thats great, but isnt it gonna bother that people still think
youre a porn star?Phoebe: Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
Joey: You do?
Phoebe: Yeah. (She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying
to remember where hes seen her before.) (To him) Youre trying to figure out
where you know me from? All right, Ill give you a hint. From porn! Okay? (He tries
to rush his girlfriend out.) Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! (To
Joey) See?Joey: Yeah.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, time lapse, Ross is entering. Chandler and Monica are at
the kitchen table. Rachel is on the couch reading.]
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: (To Rachel) You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Rachel: Oh! I knew it! What happened?
Ross: Umm, she kissed me.
Rachel: What?! You kissed!
Chandler: (To Monica) Maybe we should give them some privacy.
Monica: (To Chandler) Shhhh!!!
Ross: Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Rachel: Well, it doesnt sound like it! I mean, its pretty easy not
to kiss someone, you just dont kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!Ross: Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didnt stop it.
I guess I-I just wasnt thinkingRachel: Yeah thats right you werent thinking! Yknow what? Let
me give you something to think about! (She pulls up her sleeves and steps towards him.)Ross: Oh waithold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the
kissing.Rachel: Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sisters mouth
long enough to tell me that.Ross: Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing
could ever happen with us!
Rachel: What?!
Ross: No, I mean, look I dont know if anything is going to happen with us,
again. Ever. But I dont want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she
got mad and broke my projector.Rachel: Wow. I, I dont even know what to say. Thank you. (Gently kicks
him.)Ross: Youre welcome. (Gently kicks her back.)(Chandler starts crying.)
Monica: Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
Chandler: (crying hysterically) I just dont see why those two cant
work things out!Ending Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Jill enters.]
Jill: All right, Im leaving! Because Im not going to spend one more
day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. Thats you Rachel!Rachel: Yeah, I got that.
Jill: (To Ross) And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?
Ross: You take care Jill.
Jill: (happily) Okay, see ya! (Exits.)
Rachel: Bye-bye-e!
Monica: Bye.
Chandler: (starts crying) I-I cant believe Jills gone. (They all
look at him.) I cant help it, I opened a gate.End
