Written by: Perry Rein & Gigi McCreery
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is there except for Rachel and Ross, who both
come storming in. Rachel is still going off about Rosss secret marriage.]Rachel: I cannot believe that you didnt tell me that we are still
married!!Ross: Look I was going to tell you!
Rachel: When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross
didnt get the annulment; we are still married.Chandler: What?
Monica: Youre kidding!Phoebe: (overdoing it) Oh my God!!
Monica: Ross!
Ross: Okay, maybe it wasnt my best decision. But I just couldnt face
another failed marriage.Chandler: Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this
was a successful marriage?
Ross: Rach, come on, if you think about it, its actually kinda funny. (He
laughs, and he laughs alone.) Okay, maybe its best not to think about it.Phoebe: Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
Ross: Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Phoebe: Another lie. You have a sickness!
Chandler: Ross, just for my own piece of mind, youre not married to
anymore of us are ya?Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Monica are at the counter getting some more coffee.]
Joey: Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche!
{Transcribers note: Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If
I had a Porsche, Id have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther,
these yours?Gunther: Yeah, thats what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up
for 350 years!Joey: Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
Monica: Joey, why dont you put them in the lost and found?Joey: Theres a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My
shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)Chandler: You left a shoe here?!
Joey: Well, I didnt realize until I got home. I wasnt gonna walk all
the way back down here with one shoe! Yknow what? Im gonna go find that
guys car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)Chandler: Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, Ill be sure to give
him your shoe.Joey: Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
Phoebe: (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen,
how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Monica: Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Chandler: (not enthused) Yeah, all right.
Phoebe: Okay, well Ill bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by
the way, theyre not actually puppies, theyre Frank and Alices triplets.
Okay, see ya! (Exits.)Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Phoebe: (stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank
and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and Im nervous cause Ive
never done that before by myself!Monica: Dont worry about it Phoebe, well absolutely do it.Chandler: Yeah, Im gonna pass. Cause I was kinda iffy when it was
puppies.Monica: Come on Chandler, come on! Itll give us great practice for
when(realizes what shes about to say and changes)people with babies come
to visit.[Scene: The street down the block from Central Perk, Joey has found the Porsche and is
writing the note.]
Guy #1: Nice car!
Joey: Yeah, its not mine.Woman: (walking up) I love your car.
Joey: Yeah, its (looks up and sees the woman) mine.Woman: I bet its fast.Joey: Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?
Woman: Yeah!
Joey: (checks in the window to make sure it has them) Its got em![Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are having tea.]
Rachel: So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Rosss, and
I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.Phoebe: What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while,
I dont have a roommate.Rachel: Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
Phoebe: Maybe you could be my roommate!
Rachel: Well theres an idea!!Phoebe: Yeah!
Rachel: That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?
Phoebe: Umm, she said shed be back December 26th.Rachel: December 26th, huh maybe shes Santa Clause.(Phoebe laughs, then stops to think about it. Ross enters.)
Rachel: (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Ross: Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the
forms. Ill take care of everything.Rachel: Well sure, if you say youre gonna take care of everything I have
no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now
Im gonna do this my way and I dont want to hear a peep out of you!Ross: Okay Rach, butRachel: Op! Youre peeping!(Ross grunts something and hands her the pen he was trying to hand her.)
Rachel: Ross! Yknow what, I just gotwhy? Why did you do this?!Ross: Look I told youRachel: I dont wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"Ross: Look, if youd had two failed marriages, youd understand!Rachel: Well, yknow what? Thanks to you Im half way there! Ugh! Oh!
I am so mad! Ross, I dont think I have ever been this angry!Ross: What about the time I said we were on a break?
Rachel: Ugh! (Stares at him.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next day, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are
baby-sitting the triplets. They each have one baby.]
Monica: Pheebs, hows it going?Phoebe: (rapidly) Im doing okay. I think its going well. Do you
think theyre having fun? Am I talking to fast?Monica: Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, its going great. Look at Chandler
with little baby girl Chandler.Chandler: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right,
Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly
smells something. Its times like these Im glad Smell-O-Vision hasnt been
invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When youre done over there, we kinda have a
situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)Phoebe: Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Chandler: See thats where I think that youre wrong. Weve been
playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.Monica: What do you mean?
Chandler: I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our
own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And yknow Mon, you can be in
charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put
their hands around (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his
finger.)Phoebe: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Chandler: Okay, Im a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.[Time lapse, they have set up a little assembly line for diaper changes. Phoebe wipes,
Chandler adds the powder, begrudgingly, and Monica puts the diaper on.]
Monica: This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the
restaurant.
Phoebe: Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.
Joey: (entering) Hey guys!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey babies! Oh, Im having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche
Ive got the keys too, still there!Chandler: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Joey: You should see the treatment I get when Im with that car! People are
friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about
my equity investments.Chandler: What equity investments?
Joey: The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his
forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I
figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, theyre gonna start to
think that I dont own it. So I figured Ill wash it. Right? Monica, you got a
bucket and some soap I can borrow?Monica: Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing
compound.
Chandler: You dont even have a car!Monica: I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of
the building, so I washed it.
Chandler: And?
Monica: And six others.
Chandler: There you are.
[Scene: The Porsche, Joey is finishing up washing the car and is talking to a guy about
the car.]
Joey: Yeah, she tops out at 130.
Guy #2: Wow!
Joey: And thats just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her
upstate.Guy #2: Really! You got a place upstate?
Joey: Sure!
Guy #2: Well, Ill see you later.Joey: Okay, take it easy.
The Porsche Owner: Hey! Thats my car.Joey: Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it.
The Porsche Owner: What-what are you doing?
Joey: Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now Im just polishing her up.The Porsche Owner: But its my car!Joey: Yeah, but its my wax.The Porsche Owner: Listen, I-I-I dont come to this city much so I
dont know if youre crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I
have my keys.Joey: Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) Ill uh, save your parking spot.The Porsche Owner: Im not coming back.Joey: Why not?
The Porsche Owner: I live upstate.
Joey: Yeah, so did I.
(The guy gets in and drives off.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the triplets are all in their crib as Monica and Phoebe
watch them.]
Phoebe: I dont know why I was so nervous about this. And I dont know
why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.Monica: Yeah, two hours, a lifetime thats the same.Chandler: (entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they
can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
Monica: Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someones eye out!Chandler: He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
Phoebe: No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look
at his smooth area, thats just gonna mess them up.Chandler: Theyre not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over
protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!Phoebe: What?!
Chandler: Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check
on the babies again.)
Phoebe: Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Monica: Oh its so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able
to put both legs over your head.Phoebe: Oh, I can still do that.
Monica: How are you still single?!
Chandler: (entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe
youre right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.Monica: Good. What made you change your mind?
Chandler: I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Phoebe: How did that happen?!!
Chandler: Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Yknow? And it
turns out I was wrong. And now its lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to
cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)Monica: Damnit! Yknow this whole time we were concentrating on watching
the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)[Scene: A judges chambers, Rachel and Ross are filing their annulment papers.]Judge: Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
Rachel: Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
Judge: So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds
that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Ross: Fine, Im mentally unstable.Judge: And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
Ross: What?!
Rachel: Uh yes, heroin and crack.
Ross: Crack isnt even an intravenous drug!Rachel: Well, you would know.
Judge: Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before
marriage?
Ross: Oh, come on!
Rachel: (starts to cry) Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Judge: And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that
makes sense since youre gay and addicted to heroin.Ross: Okay, Im sorry, this is insane! I-I-Im not addicted to heroin,
Im not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything!
Look, Ill consummate this marriage right here, right now!Judge: That wont be necessary.Ross: And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
Rachel: Ugh!
Judge: Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really
creates a problem.
Rachel: Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago!
(To the stenographer) And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the
record?
Judge: Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Rachel: Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Judge: Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly dont qualify for an
annulment. If you two dont want to be together youll have to file for divorce.Ross: (stands up) Thats great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with
your funny, funny form!Rachel: (stands up as well) What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like
bunnies nonsense!
Ross: And what(notices the stenographer is still typing)What are you
typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We dont get the annulment. Dont
type that! What?! Stop typing! (He goes over to where the stenographer is typing and in
the process pushes Rachel out of his way.) Hey! Stop typing! (Hes still typing.)
Stop typing! Stop typing!!Rachel: (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what youre keeping me
married too?!Judge: You need to get out of my chambers.
Rachel: All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I
am not leaving here until I get one!
Ross: Yeah!
Judge: Would you like to spend the night in jail?
Rachel: And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is still doing the hairball thing as Monica and
Phoebe are watching the babies. I cant describe it, youll have to see it when
it comes on in your area.]Joey: (entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his
car back.
Chandler: But you found the keys to his clothes?
Joey: No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I
own a Porsche.
Monica: And people will think you own a Porsche because youre wearing the
clothes?Joey: Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didnt have the
car! Right?Chandler: That is true.
Phoebe: Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
Joey: Oh, Ive been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to
leave.)Monica: Joey, you know you dont actually have one.Joey: Come on! What are you doing?! Im in character! Would you talk to
her! (Storms out.)Chandler: Ahh, I think it just moved. Its really poking me.Monica: All right, thats it, were going to the emergency room.Phoebe: What?! No, you cant, you cant leave me here with them!
Were baby-sitting!Monica: The babies are asleep, Im sure youll be okay on your own for
a while!Phoebe: But you-you cant leave me with them! We-were a team!
Were playing a zone! Theyre gonna triple team me!Monica: Hes got something plastic lodged in his throat, weve got to
go to the hospital.Phoebe: But no, because a doctor wont be able to help him, its just
gonna yknow naturally pass through his system in like seven years.Chandler: I think thats gum.Phoebe: Im pretty sure its gun.Chandler: Okay, listen this really hurts. Lets go.Phoebe: A real man wouldnt just run to the hospital! (They dont
stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)[Scene: The street, Joey is hanging out wearing his Porsche grab.]
Joey: Why isnt that valet back with my Porsche?Passerby: Maybe because youve got the keys?Joey: (to women passing him) Porsche.
(Ross and Rachel approach, theyre still yelling at each other.)Rachel: This is totally your fault!
Ross: My fault?! You threatened the judge!
Rachel: Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporters machine!!Ross: That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
Joey: Hi! How are the Gellers? 
Rachel: Dont call us that! (Storms away)Ross: The judge wouldnt let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a
divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)Joey: Hey! Its Porsche!! (Hes right yknow.)[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is being triple teamed.]
Phoebe: Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right?
Okay, Im gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get
rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, Ill set you up with a clean one. (She throws it at
the garbage without looking, misses, and knocks over a vase and flowers, which fall to the
floor and break.) Okay, Im sorry. I didnt mean to scare you. I just have to
clean that up. Okay? Cause lets face it, were at Monicas. (She
crawls over, disposes of the diaper, picks up the flowers, and the vase.) I broke it. All
right. Well, thats just the way that goes. (She throws out both the flowers and the
vase.) Okay, good. (She turns around and only counts two babies.) Why are there only two
of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you cant answer. (She starts looking for her) Leslie?
Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! (She
turns around and finds that Leslie has managed to crawl into the bottom drawer of the TV
cabinet.) Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! (She picks
her up and notices a surprise is waiting in the drawer.) Oh, youre a lot
mischievous! Well, itll dry. (Closes the drawer with her foot.) (To Leslie) Okay,
you sit with your brother and sister nowwho arent there! (They both have
disappeared as well.)[Time Lapse, the babies are finally asleep. Good for Phoebe! The only problem is,
Monicas apartment looks like a tornado, a hurricane, a swarm of locusts, fire,
brimstone, hail, and giant man-eating, radioactive ants have torn the place apart.
Needless to say, its messy enough to cause Monica to die of shock right away.
Parents with small children know what Im talking about.]Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: (exhausted) How do you feel?
Chandler: Well, lets just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy
the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.Phoebe: Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed
em, bathed em, and put em to bed.Chandler: And protected them from a tornado?
(Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)
Monica: Oh my God.
Phoebe: I know, the babies are asleep.
Monica: Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
Phoebe: I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
Monica: But my apartment!
Chandler: Was the setting of Phoebes triumph.Monica: But the mess!
Chandler: Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies
all by herself.
Monica: Youre right, youre right I shouldnt freak out.
Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!Chandler: (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
[Scene: Rosss apartment, Rachel is packing what she still has over there as Ross
enters.]Rachel: (deadpan) Oh honey thank God youre home, I was getting worried.Ross: I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, Ive already signed everything
and I put little Xs where you need to sign.Rachel: Oh, little Xs! Great! That makes up for everything!Ross: Yknow, I-Iyouve done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?Rachel: Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
Ross: Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you
told me you loved me after I was already married!
Rachel: Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was
in love with you!
Ross: Yeah! Right!
(Pause.)
Ross: Youre right. Thats very different. So lets, lets
just sign the papers. All right? (Sits down and Rachel keeps standing there.) What?Rachel: Nothing. (Sits down.)
Ross: Okay, can we just sign please?
Rachel: Uh-hmm. (Just as Rachel finishes signing her name, Ross yanks each page
out of the way.)
Ross: Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)
Rachel: Okay Ross, werewait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a
little confession.Ross: What?
Rachel: Well, yknow this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.Ross: Excuse me?
Rachel: Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we
were married?
Ross: Yeah?
Rachel: And uh, yeah, I didnt really, I didnt want to say anything,
but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the
casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I
thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first
to get married, and then (Ross joins in) to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us
into this mess.Ross: So then if-ifI mean if you think about it, this is all (Pause.) your
fault.Rachel: Yeah, dont push it though.Ross: Ive got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I
would be divorcing you.Rachel: I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one
that stuck. And it wouldnt be a secret, and we wouldnt have our wedding dinner
at Pizza Hut. (They both laugh.)Ross: Did I, did I even treat?
Rachel: No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Ross: That may be the most depressing thing Ive heard in my life. I should
probably get these to my lawyers office.Rachel: Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Ross: Eh, no problem.
(They hug.)
Rachel: Im gonna need a copy of those.Ross: Totally. (Exits.)
Ending Credits
[Scene: The street, Joey is messing with a car cover and still wearing the Porsche
stuff. This guy playing street football catches a pass next to the car cover Joey is
fooling around with.]
Joey: Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche! 
Woman: (the same one from before approaches) Hi Joey.
Joey: Hey! How you doin?Woman: (to her friend) He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Joey: Id love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. Shes sleeping.
(The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the
same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses
it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)End
