Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is packing her belongings to move to Rosss.
Shes standing in the kitchen.]Rachel: So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?
Monica: This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)
Rachel: And?
Monica: And its a magnet!Rachel: Look at that!
Ross: How weird is that? Yknow? Youre moving in with me and have the
one thing I dont have. Its like uh, in a way you-you complete me
(Phoebe glares at him) kitchen.Rachel: What?!
Ross: (in an Australian accent) You complete me kitchen, matey!
Phoebe: Ross, I know what youre thinking.Ross: What?
Phoebe: That shes gonna move in with you and maybe then shell fall
in love with you and then when she finds out youre already married, shell just
be happy. Yknow? Youre just, youre very sad.Ross: OhmyGod! I-I see what this is! You are in love with
Rachel!Phoebe: What?!!
Ross: Of course! It all adds up! I mean you youre obsessed with her.
Its always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross,
why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret
marriage to Rachel?" You want her!Phoebe: No! (Rosss phone rings.)Ross: (answering it) Uh-oh, saved by the bell. (On phone) Hello?
[Cut to the living room where Monica is helping pack a box.]
Monica: Hey Rach, arent these candlesticks (holds up a pair) mine?Rachel: No-no, I bought those.
Monica: Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
Rachel: Yeah. (Rachel walks away.)
Monica: (under her breath) That youre a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a
drawer.)Ross: (on phone) No-no-no, thats great! Ill be there Monday. And
thank you again! (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up) (To All) Umm, that was the head of the
Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!Monica: Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Ross: Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate,
huh? They loved it. 
Rachel: Well, who wouldnt?!Ross: I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean its
temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that
look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."Phoebe: Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Rachel: And Mrs.?!
Phoebe: Oh! Yeah, yknow you and Ross are still married.Rachel: What?!!
Phoebe: Just kidding!
Rachel: Ohh! Oh God! (Laughs her way into the living room.) 
Phoebe: (To Ross) Saved your ass.
Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are all there as Phoebe enters
dejectedly.]
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hi.
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Oh, whats the matter?Phoebe: Well, you know that psychic I see?
Chandler: Yeah?
Phoebe: Well, she told me that Im gonna die this week, so Im kinda
bummed about that.Chandler: What?!
Phoebe: Yeah, and I know you guys dont know a lot about psychic readings,
but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.Monica: Phoebe thats crazy!Joey: I cant believe she would say that too you.Rachel: Yeah honey you dont believe her do you?Phoebe: I dontshe said yknow that Id have triplets! But
she also said one of them would be black.Chandler: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how youre gonna go?Phoebe: No, cause she didnt tell me I was gonna die until the very
end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean Ive
only got a week left, yknow? Ive really gotta start living now! (So she
picks up the latest copy of Car and Driver (a U.S. auto magazine), leans back, and
starts reading.)Ross: (entering) Hey everyone!
Chandler: Oh hi!
Ross: Hey uh, well, todays my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it
out on you guys, do you, do you mind?(They pause to think about it.)
All: Oh thatd be great. Sure!Ross: (he starts reading directly from his cards word for word very quietly)
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these
theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct"Phoebe: Oh, this is it. This whats gonna kill me.Ross: (continuing) "subcategories. The first of these subcategories
is"Joey: (interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that
piece of paper?
Ross: No! Why?
Joey: Well, Ive just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper
that didnt have naked chicks on it.Ross: Ohh! Okay! Okay. (Resumes reading word for word from the card) "There
are three (pauses and looks at Joey) primary theories concerning sediment flow rate.
(Pauses and darts his eyes between Chandler and Rachel.) (Rachel starts laughing) Each of
these theories (glances at Phoebe) can be further subcategorized (glances at Chandler)
into"Chandler: Why dont you open with a joke?Ross: Open with a joke? Its a university, not a comedy club!Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! Youre not talking about
Chuckles University?!Ross: (gets up) Okay!
All: Ohh! Were kidding! Oh, were kidding!Rachel: Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Ross: Thank you!
Rachel: Some uh, some visual aides.
Joey: Oh-ooh-ooh! Yknow whats a good visual aide?Ross: Please dont say naked chicks.Joey: Why not?!
Ross: I-I-I dont even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it.
Yknow what? Im just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.Chandler: Thats the way I did it til I was 19.[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is playing that string game with the two hands and
the weird crossing patterns as Chandler enters with the mail.]
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Hey! Any good mail?
Chandler: Yes, you got something from the Screen Actors Guild.Joey: Ooh, its probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me,
Im kinda.Chandler: (opens and reads it) "Benefits lapsed."
Joey: Hmm thats weird. I dont remember being in a move called
benefits lapsed.Chandler: Okay, its not a check. Theyre saying your health insurance
expired because, you didnt work enough last year.Joey: Let me see that!
Chandler: All right.
Joey: (reads it) Oh, I cant believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance
I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, yknow? And it wouldnt matter. Now I
gotta be careful?!Chandler: Im sorry man, theres never a good time to (pauses) stop
catching on fire.Joey: All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. Im gonna go see my
agent.Chandler: Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
Joey: (mocks him, in a whiney voice) look both ways before you cross the
street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe enters to find Rachel still packing.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hey Pheebs, youre still alive! How are you doing?Phoebe: Ugh, its so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way,
do you think you could(Groans, hacks, and then freezes with her eyes open and her
tongue hanging out.)Rachel: Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
Phoebe: I was preparing you for mydidnt you think I was dead? Did
that not come off?Rachel: Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought wed lost you
forever. Pheebs, you lie down?Phoebe: Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm,
wake me up in a couple hours, yknow if you can.(Phoebe goes and lies down as Rachel opens the drawer Monica hid the candlesticks in
and as Monica walks out of her room.)
Rachel: Monica!
Monica: Hmm? (Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)
Rachel: Did-did you take these back?
Monica: No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some
for myself.
Rachel: Oh yeah, theyre really great! Arent they?Monica: I loved them!
Rachel: Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)
Ross: (entering) Hello!
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Howd the lecture go?Ross: It went great! And I didnt need any jokes or naked chicks either!Rachel: Wow, thats great Ross, Im sorry we werent more
supportive before.Ross: I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself.
Everyones all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them
wrong! And now, Im gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.Monica: That youre not funny or sexy?Ross: Thats right![Scene: Estelle Leonard Theatrical Agency, Joey is there to see his agent.]
Joey: (entering) Hey Estelle, listenEstelle: Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think
they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
Joey: What are you talkin about? I never left you! Youve always been
my agent!Estelle: Really?!
Joey: Yeah!
Estelle: Oh well, no harm, no foul.
Joey: Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Estelle: All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Joey: Why?
Estelle: Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all
over town.
Joey: Bastard!
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler enters to find Joey lying in the fetus position
on the floor.]
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me
tomorrow and Ill have my health insurance back in no time.Chandler: Thats great, but shouldnt you be on the toilet right now?Joey: What?!
Chandler: Whats wrong with you?Joey: Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting
weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, havent been able to stand up since. But
um, I dont think its anything serious.Chandler: This sounds like a hernia. You have toyou-you go to the doctor!Joey: No way! Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything
its gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows
Chandler.)Chandler: Thats a hernia.Joey: Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was
using.) Damn you 15s!
[Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Rachel and Monica are arriving to talk to Ross after the
lecture, but are there early.]
Rachel: Well, were a little early, the lecture doesnt end for 15
minutes.Monica: Yeah, but yknow we could sneak in and watch.Rachel: Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! Theres some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was
a Kappa. (to them) Hey sisters! (They ignore her.) (To Monica) Wow, we really are bitches.(They enter the lecture hall to find Ross speaking in an English accent for some
unknown reason.)
Ross: (to the class) Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the
laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact
sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when(sees Monica and Rachel.) Oh bloody hell.Commercial Break
[Scene: a NYU lecture hall, the scene is continued from earlier, only Ross has
dismissed the class and is now talking to Monica and Rachel.]
Monica: What the hell are you doing?!
Ross: Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring!
I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British
accent just came out.
Rachel: Yeah, and not a very good one.
Ross: Will you-will you please?
(Another professor walks down from the back of the lecture hall.)
The Professor: Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, Im a professor in the
paleontology department here.Ross: Oh.
The Professor: Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?
Ross: (in his British accent) Im sorry, Ive got plans with my
sister.Monica: (in an Irish accent) Monica Gellerrr. (She rolls her R)Ross: (in accent) Right, will you excuse us for one moment? (Takes Monica
aside.) (In his normal voice.) What are you doing?
Monica: (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I cant?! (To an
exiting student in accent.) Top O the morning to ya laddies!Ross: Just please stop!
(They turn back to Rachel and Professor Rathman.)
Rachel: (in an Indian accent) Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is reading on the couch while Joey, still suffering from
his hernia, is returning with coffee for them both. After a series of grunts and groans he
manages to painfully walk back from the counter, sit down, and slide Chandler his coffee.]
Chandler: Hey, will you grab me a cruller? (Joey starts to groan and get up.)
Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Joey: Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides its
getting darker and more painful, that means its healing.Chandler: I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and lets just
get that thingpushed back in.Joey: Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I
dont want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in
I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, Im thinking Ill probably start
with that laser eye surgery too.(Phoebe enters.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: Whats going on?Chandler: Oh Joeys got a really bad hernia, but thats nothing a
little laser eye surgery wont fix!Joey: Look, Im telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He
puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on MarriedWith Children always
used to do.) it doesnt hurt that bad.Phoebe: Hey! Maybe youll die!Joey: Sure, now Im scared.Phoebe: No, we can go together! Just dont wait too long though, okay?
Cause Im outta here sometime before Friday.Joey: Yeah, but I dont wanna die!Phoebe: No-no, itll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys![Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are having a tug-of-war over the
disputed candlesticks.]
Monica: Gimme em!Rachel: No! They are mine!
Monica: You stole them from me!
Rachel: You stole them from me!!
Monica: Gimme them!
(With one last mighty tug the combatants lose their grip and split, each holding one
candlestick.)
Monica: You just wanna each take one?
Rachel: Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Ross: (entering) Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to
speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Rachel: WellMonica: Why dont you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people
will think youre, yknow, that youre adjusting to life in America.Rachel: Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean theyre
probably not even listening!Ross: Theyre not listening too me?Rachel: Of course theyre listening to you! Everybody listens to you.Ross: Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?
Monica: I think you look fine.
[Scene: Casting Director #1s office, Joey is on his first audition. His partner
is an 8-year-old boy.]Casting Director #1: Whenever youre ready.Joey: (in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, Ive got a
surprise for you."Casting Director #1: Hold it. Im sorry, the surprise is a new swing set,
if you could play it a little lessintense?Joey: Oh yeah, sure, no problem, Ill justhold on one second. (He
turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.)
"Hey Timmy, Ive got a surprise for you!"Casting Director #1: Oh my God!!
(Joey pulls his hand out and reverts back to intense pain.)
[Scene: Casting Director #2s office, Joey is on his second audition. This one is
for Purina One Dog Chow, an actual item. Please note the gratuitous product
placement.]Joey: So thats why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!
(He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he wont be able to pick it up.)Casting Director #2: Thats where you pick up the bag.Joey: Exactly.
Casting Director #2: No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.
Joey: Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One,
point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didnt get it, did I?Casting Director #2: No.
Joey: Yeah, okay. (Leaves)
[Scene: Casting Director #3s office, Joey is entering.]Joey: Hi. Im Joey Tribbiani; Im here to audition for (Groans) man.Casting Director #3: You mean dying man?
Joey: Yes!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are playing phone pranks on Ross.]
Monica: Okay, come on, do it one more time!
Rachel: Really? Really?!
Monica: Yes!
Rachel: Okay! (Picks up the phone and starts dialing.) (In an Irish accent)
"Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, wed like you
to come on board with us full time! (Hangs up.)Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Listen to this! My reading was wrong, Im not going die!Rachel: Really?! How do you know?
Phoebe: Because my psychic is dead! She mustve read the cards wrong!Rachel: Oh, Im sorry.Phoebe: Eh, better her than me! Hey, lets bake cookies![Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey has won the part of dying man and is now able to play
the role he was injured for. Chandler is helping to carry him in.]
Chandler: Listen, Im really glad you got the part.Joey: (barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
Chandler: But are you sure you can do this?
Joey: Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me
take a shower.
(Chandler steps away quickly.)
Chandler: Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Joey: (to the director) Hiya!
The Director: Hey Joey, were ready for ya! (Joey stumbles over) Joey, this
is Alex hes going to be playing your son.Joey: Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my
pants. (Holds them both up.)
The Director: Okay. (to Alex) All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line,
"Take good care of your Momma son," thats your cue to cry. Got it? (Alex
nods yes.) All right, lets do this.(Joey lies down on the gurney.)
A Crew Member: (with that board thingy) Scene 5, take 1.
The Director: And Action!
Joey: "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex just looks at him and
the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of
your Momma son." (Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Mommas good
people!"The Director: Cut! Alex, remember youre supposed to cry. Can you cry for
us this time?Alex: Okay.
The Director: All right, from the top.
A Crew Member: Scene 5, take 2.
[Time lapse.]
A Crew Member: Take 36 is up!
The Director: All right! Lets try this again! You ready Joe?Joey: Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right
up until you say action?
The Director: Uh sure.
Joey: Okay. (Starts screaming.)
The Director: Action!
Joey: (he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma
son." (Again Alex does nothing.)
The Director: Cut!!!!!!!!!! (Joey starts screaming again.)
(Chandler decides to help out.)
Chandler: Im sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why dont you uh, lift up your
shirt? (He does.) Take a look at this kiddo. (Alex finally starts crying.) We
have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras![Scene: Ross and Rachels apartment, Rachel is unpacking as the phone rings.]Rachel: (answering it) Hello? 
Russell: (Rosss divorce lawyer.) Hello, is Ross there?Rachel: Uh no, hes not. Can I take a message?Russell: Yes, this Russell, Rosss divorce lawyer, just tell him that since
I havent heard from him, I assume hes decided to give the marriage a try.Rachel: Ross got married againNooooooo!!!!!!!!![Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Ross is trying to phase out his accent.]
Ross: (in his head) All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out,
phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory (pronounced
the British way) the team would never have identified (British) the initial errors in
their carbon dating analysis (British). Were there any questions at this point? (One
student raises his hand.) Yes. (Points to him.)
A Student: Whats happening to your accent?Ross: (British) Come again? Whats-whats this nonsense? (Giggles.)
(American.) All right, Im-Im not English. Im from Long Island. I was
really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. Im sorry. So, if we could just
get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? (Everyone raises their hands)
About paleontology. (They all put their hands down.) All right, look I was just trying to
make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is
really important because Im-Im hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you
just give me another chance to make a good impression(At this moment Rachel bursts through the door. Needless to say, shes not in the
best of moods having just found out Rosss dirty little secret.)Rachel: Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just
never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
Ross: (in the accent again) Well, hello Rachel!
Ending Credits
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is holding a football helmet; and apparently, in a
rather disgusting scene, Joey wants Phoebe to beat him senseless. (Luckily it isnt a
long trip.) Because hes made a miraculous recovery from his hernia and wants to take
advantage of all those free surgeries he can get now since hes re-established his
health insurance.]Phoebe: Have you really done this before?
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, dont hold
back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden
baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey-hey-hey!
Chandler: What are you doing?
Phoebe: Were just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.Chandler: Oh, all right.
(Decided that they are less than human as well, Chandler picks up a golf club and
Monica a frying pan, to join in on the fun of beating their good friend to within an inch
of his life!)
End
