Written by: Wil Calhoun
Directed by: David Schwimmer
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Park, Ross is teaching Ben how to ride a bike. Chandler, Monica, and
Phoebe are there also.]
Ben: (on the bike) Im ready!Ross: You sure?
Ben: Uh-huh!
Chandler: Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. (Does so.)
Ben: (To Chandler) Thanks daddy.
Ross: No-no, one daddy, two mommies. All right, its all yours.
(Ross pushes him off.)Chandler: Okay. Okay.
Ross: Yes! Yes! Yes!! (Everyone stands and claps.)
Phoebe: His first big kids bike, this is so exciting!Monica: Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me
to the park, I got it, andit bent.Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe: I never had a bike of my own.
Ross: (shocked) What?!
Phoebe: Well, we didnt have a lot of money. But the girl across the street
had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the
handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those
plastic daisies stuck on.Chandler: That sounds like my first bike. (They all turn and look at him.) My
dad gave me his old one.
Ross: Ohh.
Monica: Did the girl ever let you ride it?
Phoebe: No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the
bike on the front. (Theyre all speechless) So I would sit on it and my step-dad
would drag me around the backyard.Ross: That is so unfair!
Phoebe: Not really, I got to drag him around too! (They all nod,
"Oh.")
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is cooking, Joey is eating, and Chandler
is entering from the bedroom.]
Chandler: Hey! What are you guys doing? 
Joey: Hey.
Monica: Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
Chandler: Im sorry, who?Monica: Im gonna hang this basket (Points to the one sitting on the table)
on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.Chandler: But we dont know the neighbors.Joey: I do. Theres uh, lets see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot
Lady, Some Kids Ive Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.Monica: See? This is exactly why Im making this candy. We can learn
their names and get to know our neighbors.Chandler: Wouldnt it be easier if we just moved?Rachel: (entering, happily) Gooood morning!!
Chandler: Eh, somebodys in a good mood!Rachel: Well, why shouldnt I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful
job!Monica: Where you can make out with your assistant.
Rachel: Come on, its not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with
a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.Monica: Oh yeah, whats the plan?Rachel: (pauses as she thinks and exhales loudly) We We are not
going to let it be a problem.Monica: Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Rachel: Well yknow, we did other stuff too. (Joey and Chandler start to
giggle.)Monica: Did you twoRachel: Oh Monica come on, yknow I dont sleep with guys on the first
date!Monica: Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben WireRachel: Anymore!!
Monica: Okay.
[Scene: Rachels Office, shes at her desk while the mailman delivers her
mail and calls Tag in.]Rachel: Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Tag: Yes, at 4:00.
Rachel: Okay, thank you. Thatll be all. (The mail guy leaves and Tag
starts to follow, but Rachel stops him.) (Excitedly) Wait! Wait! (Rushes over and closes
the office-door.) Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on
between us. (They kiss.)Tag: Id better get back to my desk.Rachel: Okay, you hard worker! Ill remember to put that in your
evaluation.Tag: My what?
Rachel: Well, youve been here for two months now and your boss is required
to hand in a performance evaluation. But yknow, there is one thing that I have yet
to evaluate. (She turns around and sweeps the stuff off of her desk and hops up onto it.)Tag: Are you serious?
Rachel: No, Ive just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this
up?[Scene: The Hallway, Monica and Chandler are returning and Monica finds her basket is
empty.]
Monica: The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
Chandler: Well, either that or uh(Motions towards Joeys door.)Monica: Joey!! 
(She storms into his apartment to find him with a towel around his shoulders, a bowl on
his head, and Phoebe with scissors in her hand.)
Joey: Yeah?
Monica: Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Joey: Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was
only a couple of pieces left!
Phoebe: Yeah, and theyve been coming by all day. They love it!Monica: They love my candy? Oh man!!! Ive gotta go make more!! (Starts to
do so.)Joey: Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something
mightve happened to a huge chunk of it.(Ross enters.)
Monica: Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Ross: Mine stole my newspaper! Its like a crime wave!! (Monica runs
to make more candy.) Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.Phoebe: Sure!
Ross: Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I
couldnt stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike,
so(He goes out into the hall and re-enters with a bike exactly like the one Phoebe
described earlier.)
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God Ross!!
Ross: You like it?
Phoebe: I love it!!
Ross: Yeah?
Phoebe: Ohh!! Ohh!! And I love you!
Ross: Ahh.
Phoebe: Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Ross: Ah! (She hugs him.) Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, yknow give it
a test ride.Phoebe: Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present Ive
ever gotten.Ross: (stunned at the compliment) Youre welcome.Phoebe: (starts to leave, but stops) Oh and Chandlers about to cry.Chandler: (about to cry) Am not!
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, the middle of the night, there is someone
knocking on the door and Monica and Chandler get up to answer it.]
Monica: (turning a light on) Who is that?!
Chandler: Dont worry, Im brave! I am brave! II am brave! (They
get to the door and Monica goes to open it.) No-no-no-no!! (He stops her.) (Through the
door.) Can you tell me who is there please?The Knocker: My name is Gary, I live upstairs.
(Monica opens the door.) 
Gary: Hi!
Monica: Hi. Do you know what time it is?
Gary: Its candy time! My roommate says that they taste like little drops
of heaven.Monica: Oh please! (To Chandler) Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
Chandler: (laughs) 4:00 A.M.
Gary: So, can I get some candy?
Chandler: I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work!
(Monica looks at him) (To Monica) He does not know that I am not some of us.
Monica: Umm, listen I am sorry, but Ill put some out first thing in the
morning.Gary: Well okay, Ill swing by later. Do you live in this building?Monica: Um-hmm.
Gary: (looking at Monica.) Mm! Seems like I wouldve remembered you!Chandler: Mm! Night Gar! (Monica closes the door.)[Scene: Rachels Office, shes slinking out to where Tag works and checks to
make sure no one is coming.]Rachel: (hugging him) So did you read your evaluation yet?
Tag: No! It was marked confidential, I just sent it down to Human Resources.
Rachel: (worried) Okay please, youre kidding right?! I wrote that one as a
joke for you!Tag: A joke they would appreciate?
Rachel: Im thinkin no.Tag: What did you say?!
Rachel: Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like
your tiney-tiny tushie.
Tag: No, not my tushie.
Rachel: Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote,
"Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems
with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a
little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, Ross, and Chandler are watching Phoebe polish the
daisies on her bike outside.]
Monica: Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the
story, I almost cried.
Joey: Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
Chandler: Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Joey: (about to cry) Those two only had each other!
Ross: Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
Monica: Oh yeah! I saw her walkin it down the street the other day. She
had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.Joey: Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin it by the park.Ross: Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
[Cut to outside, theyre going to talk to Phoebe about walking the bike.]Joey: Hey Pheebs?
Phoebe: Oh hi!
Chandler: Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
Phoebe: Ohh, uh-huh so much!
Ross: Pheebs you uhyou do know how to ride a bike dont you?Phoebe: Of course!
Monica: Umm, can we see you ride it?
Phoebe: Okay. (The gang is giggles then as Phoebe gets the bike out of the rack,
gets on, pushes off, rolls a few feet, and falls over.) See?
Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is making candy while Chandler and
Rachel are taste-testing and Joey is on the couch doodling.]
Monica: See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And
there is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. (To Chandler) Did you
hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Chandler: (with his mouth full) What happened? Im just eating candy.Rachel: Maybe its not as bad as I think. Yknow, maybe they
didnt take it the way I meant it.Chandler: Absolutely! Yknow, because tushie can mean both ass and good
worker.Rachel: Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
Joey: Hey Rach?
Rachel: Yeah?
Joey: That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like
this? (He shows her what hes been drawing.)Rachel: Oh my God! Joey!
Chandler: What is the matter with you?
Rachel: Ugh!
Joey: Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford
porn.
(There is a knock on the door and Monica answers it. There is a woman standing there.)
The Woman: Hi! Im sorry, I know its after hours but I really need
candy.Monica: Im sorry, I cant help you. See? (Points to her new sign.)
Rules are rules.The Woman: Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them
all about your candy!
Monica: No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell em?The Woman: I told em your candy is absolutely indescribable!Monica: Some people have been saying its yknow little drops of heaven, but
whatever.The Woman: Please, cant you help me out?Joey: (watching the discussion) Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Chandler: Maybe, isnt she the woman who lives below you and has sex really
loud?Monica: (still talking to the woman) All right, Ill do it just this once!
But you cant tell anybody!The Woman: (exasperatedly) Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
Joey and Chandler: Yeah, thats her.The Woman: (after Monica gives her the candy) Thank you.
Monica: (closing the door) Its unbelievable! I-I cant believe that
sign didnt work!Chandler: Yknow what would work?Monica: Hmm?
Chandler: Stop making candy!
Monica: But they like it!
Chandler: You mean they like you.
Monica: Maybe.
Chandler: Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Monica: Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny
man? (Joey laughs but stops when Chandler turns to glare at him.)
[Scene: Central Park, Ross is teaching Phoebe how to ride her bike.]
Ross: Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and youll be fine.
Okay? Here we go. ReadySetPhoebe: (hopping off the bike) Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah,
maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane
seator a beanbag chair!Ross: Phoebe, you cant get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how
to ride a bike!Phoebe: Why? Why do I have to learn?
Ross: WellIn-in case of emergency.Phoebe: What kind of an emergency?
Ross: Well let therewhat if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head
and says, "You ride this bike or Ill shIll shoot you."Phoebe: Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the
gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Ross: Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike andHey! Ill hold
you up and-and push you. Okay?Phoebe: You wont let go?Ross: No!
Phoebe: Swear?!
Ross: I swear!
Phoebe: (thinks it over) Okay. 
Ross: Come on. (She gets on the bike.) All right, here we go. All right? (They
start.) 
Phoebe: All right.
Ross: All right. Feel good?
Phoebe: WellRoss: All right, try pedaling. 
Phoebe: Okay. (Does so.)
Ross: Thats it, your doing great.Phoebe: Okay.
Ross: Doing great! Yes-yes-yes! Take control! Yes!
Phoebe: Weee!!! (Ross pushes her and lets go.)
Ross: Yes!! Yes!!! (He starts clapping and Phoebe turns around to look at him
and falls off the bike.)
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
Ross: I-I just thought you were doing so well. IPhoebe: I am shocked! Shocked!! (She storms off leaving Ross to defend himself
from the angry looks from onlookers.)
Ross: Its a legitimate learning technique. (Looking around and seeing the
woman behind him glaring at him.) Wow![Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is making candy like mad as Ross
enters.]
Ross: Hey, theres uh, some people outside, askin about candy.Monica: Well, theyre just gonna have to wait arent they? Ive
only got two hands!!Ross: Need some help?
Monica: No! You dont know the system! Therell be nobody messing with
the system!Ross: By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me. (She
glares at him and he quickly makes his way to Phoebes room.)[Cut to Phoebes room, Phoebe has put her helmet on one of her teddy bears and is
playing around with it. Ross knocks and pokes his head in the door.]Phoebe: (seeing him) Oh, hello liar.
Ross: (entering) Look, I-Im really sorry I let go of the bike.Phoebe: I couldve been killed I hope you know!Ross: I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so
close Phoebe!
Phoebe: Well, I would love to butthe bike got stolen and the police have
no suspects. (Ross just happens to have his hand on a sheet that is covering something
that suspiciously looks like a bike.)Ross: Phoebe.
Phoebe: What?! (Ross rings the bell.) What the hell?!
Ross: All right, yknow what? If you are not going to learn how to ride
this bike then Im sorry, Im just gonna have to take it back.Phoebe: What?! Why?!
Ross: Because! Because, it-it-its Itd be like you having this
guitar (Points to hers) and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be
played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you dont ride it
you-youre-youre killing its spirit! (Pause) The bike is dying.Phoebe: All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Ross: Great! Great! (He runs to the door.) Youre making the bike very
happy.Phoebe: (sarcastically) Okay Ross! (Ross exits and she says quietly to the bike)
Please dont die![Scene: Rachels office, Tag and her are planning how to get the review back.]Rachel: Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but
were gonna have to get into Mr. Zelners office. Now, he doesnt get in
until 10, so hes no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her
breakfast at her desk.Tag: Thats kinda sad.Rachel: Yeah, well Betty is kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her
away with these chocolates. (Holding up the box of chocolates.) Now, while I distract her,
you get in the office.
Tag: Got it!
Rachel: Lets roll!(They start towards the door but are stopped when Mr. Zelner enters.)
Mr. Zelner: Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Rachel: (worried and shocked) Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you
anythingminute. Okay. Fine. (To Tag) Abort the plan, abort the plan. (She start to
usher Tag out.)Mr. Zelner: Uh actually, Id like to speak with both of you.Rachel: Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some
chocolates? (Holds up the box.)
Mr. Zelner: Umm, no. Thanks, but Ill give these to Betty. (Rachel glances
at Tag to say, "See?") So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full
name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?Rachel: (laughs) Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, (getting
serious) what would happen exactly.
Mr. Zelner: Well, Id be forced to file a report. Id have to consult
with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.Rachel: WellTag: (interrupting) Uh Mr. Zelner, Im the one who filled in that
evaluation.Rachel: Oh no-no-noTag: (interrupting again) Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, I thought it would be funny.
Mr. Zelner: You wrote that you have a cute tushie?
Tag: (pause) Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and Im kinda
strangely proud of my butt.Mr. Zelner: Its kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing
I cant figure out what this is?Rachel: Youre lookin at it upside downyknow what? (Grabs
the evaluation and throws it out.) It doesnt matter.Mr. Zelner: Yeah, its not like I dont have a sense of humor, huh?
Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But theres a time and a place,
huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? (They both nod no.) No? Okay, well uh,
youve (Grabs the chocolates.) got my fax number. (Exits.)Rachel: Whoa! I cant believe you did that. That was really sweet.Tag: No, dont worry about it.Rachel: No, you couldve lost your job.Tag: Are you kidding me?! With a cute butt like this, Id find work.Rachel: Thank you! Youre great! (They kiss.)Tag: Yknow what?Rachel: What?
Tag: I feel great. (Rachel laughs) In fact! (Walks over to her desk, sweeps its
contents onto the floor and Rachel just glares at him.) What?
Rachel: I It justit took me so long to get that desk organized.Tag: Oh, Im sorry. (He bends over to pick the stuff up.)Rachel: (looking at his butt) There it is. (They hug.)
[Scene: The Hallway, Chandler is returning from work to see the hallway jammed full of
people waiting outside their door.]
Chandler: (asking a man leaning against the wall) What is going on? 
The Man: Were waiting for the candy. (Yelling at the door.) Bring out the
candy!Joey: Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
Chandler: Joey!
Joey: Whats up buddy?Chandler: What are you doing?
Joey: Waiting for candy.
Chandler: Get in here! (They head for the door and Chandler sees Smokes-A-Lot
Lady standing next to the door and smoking, to her) Hey, and you can not smoke in here!
(Takes the cigarette and takes a drag for himself.) (Exhaling in ecstasy) Merry Christmas.
Monica: (opening the door and frantically) Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I
just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
All: We want candy! We want candy now! (And other general commotion
sounds.)
Chandler: All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!!
Pipe-pipe-pipe down! (They settle down) What is the matter with you people?! This woman
was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to
know all of you, and Ill bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?The Man: (from earlier) Candy Lady?
Chandler: No not (imitating) Candy Lady.
Joey: (stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey, if we know it can we have
candy?!!
Chandler: All right, yknow what? Forget it, all of you forget it!
Youve ruined it! Go home! Youve ruined it! Youve ruined it!Joey: Thats right, its all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You
ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to
the candy and starts eating it.)Monica: (To Chandler) Thank you.
Chandler: Youre welcome. (They kiss.)Monica: Did you smoke?
Chandler: No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth.
Eh-uhare you okay?Monica: Im fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean,
someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.Joey: (with his mouth full) Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or
whatever, I dont know (Grabs the note.)Ending Credits
[Scene: Central Park, Phoebe is now riding her bike with ease and stops in front of
Ross. They both giggle.]
Phoebe: I cant believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought
Id be able to do that! Thank you Ross.Ross: Oh hey, dont thank me, thank yourself. Youre the one who faced
her fears and ultimately overcame them.Phoebe: Dont be so corny Ross, its not an after-school special. (She
rides off and the camera pans down to reveal two shiny, silver training wheels firmly
attached.)End
