Teleplay by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Story by: Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey are there. Monica is holding a
piece of paper.]
Monica: So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have
to narrow it down to six.
Joey: Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
Chandler: So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings
that were trying to get to play at the wedding?Phoebe: Since when are you into swing music?
Chandler: Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Monica: Chandler.
Chandler: Gap commercial. (To Monica) So did you book them? Did you call?
Monica: I will.
Chandler: Do you want me to call?
Monica: No, Ill do it. You just stick to your job.Phoebe: What is your job?
Chandler: Staying out of the way.
Joey: This is impossible Monica, why dont you just pick all 15? (Hands
back the paper.)Monica: There were only twelve.
Joey: Oh yeah, I added three.
Monica: What are peanut butter fingers?!
Joey: Oh yeah (He mimes sticking his fingers into a jar of peanut butter,
scooping some out, and eating it off his fingers.)Opening Credits
[Scene: A Street, Chandler and Ross are at a newsstand.]
Ross: (noticing a beautiful woman moving in down the street) Well hello!
Shes cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?Chandler: Sure! Thats one of the great things about being engaged.
Im not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.The Woman: Could you guys help me? (Chandler shyly exhales and looks away.)
Ross: Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
The Woman: It-its really heavy.Ross: (exhales) I got it. (He lifts the box and grunts under the strain.)
(Calmly) So hi, Im uh, Im Ross and this is my friend Chandler. (He shyly
waves.)The Woman: I-I am Kristen.
Ross: Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, cause if you
areId love to show you around sometime.Kristen: II uh, actually just moved from four blocks over.Ross: Ah.
Kristen: But-but this block is like a whole other world.
Ross: Yknow actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this
street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. (Kristen
crinkles her nose at that.) Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the
street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep! (He stops when he realizes what hes talking
about.)Chandler: (To Ross) Smooth.
Kristen: (To Chandler) Excuse me? (Chandler does the shy thing again.)
Ross: Umm, say youre gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you
say I take you to dinner tonight?Kristen: Oh Id like that.Ross: Yeah?
Kristen: Yeah.
Ross: Great! Uh, let me take this up for you. (The box hes holding.)Kristen: After you.
Ross: Oh no-no, after you. (She grabs a chair and heads upstairs.) (When
shes gone.) Oh my God! (He drops the box and Chandler cant pick it up.)[Scene: A Bridal Shop, Phoebe and Rachel are waiting for Monica who is trying on her
wedding dress.]
Phoebe: (wearing a veil) Am I crazy or does this totally go?!
(Monica enters from the dressing room wearing her gown.)
Rachel: Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
Monica: This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I cant believe I found it!(Another woman walks up.)
The Woman: Wow you look so beautiful! If I knew you, Id cry.Monica: Well Im Monica Geller, ball like a baby.The Woman: Im Megan Bailey.Monica: Have you found your dress yet?
Megan: Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could
afford one.
Monica: No, I cant afford this either. No. I-I-Im, Im just
here to
figure out which one I want then Im gonna get it at Kleinmans, this discount
place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.Megan: Oh, thanks for the tip.
Monica: Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
Megan: Oh Im not, I just like to try these on.Rachel: I do the same thing.
Megan: Im just kidding. Im getting married July 25th.Rachel: Im just kidding too. (Laughs) Im getting married in
December. (Turns away not happy with herself.)Megan: (To Monica) So when are you getting married?
Monica: Oh May 15th.
Megan: Oooh its getting close!Monica: Yeah!
Megan: So uh, whos your photographer?Monica: Jeffery.
Megan: We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
Monica: The best man? Wow!
Megan: I know! I almost called off my wedding. Oh, whos your band?!Monica: Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Megan: Oh, youre so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.Phoebe: Ooh, is that spelled with a C or a K? Oh my God!
It doesnt matter; theyre both great!(Another woman walks past Rachel carrying a wedding dress.)
Rachel: Oh yknow what? Yknow what? Now that you know what you want
you should go to Kleinmans and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.The Woman: I own this store.
Rachel: So, does this (the dress) come in another color or (The store
owner walks away.)[Scene: A Street, Joey is walking by Kristen, who is still moving in.]
Joey: (checking her out) Hi! You uh, movin in or movin out?Kristen: Im moving in.Joey: Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Kristen: Oh okay. But yknow what? Be careful. Because a guy who was helping me
before had to leave because he hurt his back.Joey: Boyfriend?
Kristen: No.
Joey: Im Joey. (They shake hands.)Kristen: Kristen.
Joey: Oh wow, what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
Kristen: Kristen.
Joey: Got it! (He picks up a lamp.) SoKristen: So uh, do you live around here?
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a
little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your
shoes gone.
Kristen: Ill remember that.Joey: Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me
tonight?
Kristen: Oh I, I have plans tonight. 
Joey: Oh.
Kristen: But how about tomorrow?
Joey: Sounds great! Okay, alright, well where does this go? (The lamp hes
holding.)Kristen: You look strong, why dont I take that and you grab one of the
boxes.Joey: Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books, but
decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah, Ill grab this one. (He
follows her upstairs.)[Scene: Kleinmans, a horde of women including Rachel, Phoebe, and Monica are
waiting for the store to open.]A Woman: What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
Rachel: (To Phoebe) So this is Brooklyn.
Monica: All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so
when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what youre looking for! (Holds up
a picture of it.) Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? (She
passes out whistles to them.) Three short blasts. When you hear it, come running.Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Got it.
Monica: All right.
(A worker comes to open the door and the horde starts to press forward.)
A Woman: Here he comes! Hurry!
Rachel: Oh theyre pushing! Theyre pushing!!Monica: (To Rachel) Hey! Dont be a baby!Rachel: Well I(The door opens allowing the horde to charge in, knocking Rachel out of the way and to
the ground.)
A Woman: Lets go!!Phoebe: (coming back out) Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
[Time lapse, inside the store, Monica is frantically looking for her dress.]
Monica: No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. (Checks another rack and another woman
tries to reach around her.) (To the woman) Dont crowd me! (Finds it) This is it!
This is the dress! Oh my God, its perfect! (She takes it off of the rack and someone
has a hold of it on the other side of the rack and tugs on it.) Im sorry, this
ones taken! (The other woman tugs harder pulling Monica through the rack.) Whoa!Monica: Megan!
Megan: Monica!
Monica: You came?!
Megan: Yeah!
Monica: This is my dress!
Megan: No!
Monica: Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
Megan: And now youll see me buying it.Monica: What? You freak! You wouldnt even have known about this place if
it wasnt for me!Megan: Look, you dont want to fight me.Monica: Maybe I do! Im pretty feisty! (She blows the signal.)[Cut to Phoebe in another part of the store.]
Phoebe: (hearing the signal) Im coming! Im coming! (She takes off
towards the signal and almost knocks another woman over.)Woman: Hey!
(She hears another signal in another direction.)
Phoebe: Okay! (Runs that way and hears another whistle blast.) Hey! (Heads the
other way and hears another blast.) What do I do?!! (She runs in the second direction and
finds that the whistling is coming from inside a rack. She moves the dresses out of the
way to find Rachel curled up in a fetal position frantically blowing on the whistle.) What
are you doing? (Rachel doesnt stop.) Did you find the dress? (Rachel wont stop
so Phoebe pinches her nose shut which causes her to spit the whistle out.)Phoebe: Did you find the dress?
Rachel: No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are
crazy!
Phoebe: IWe gotta get Monica. (She starts to leave.)Rachel: No! You gotta hold my hand!!
Phoebe: Oh my God!! (She grabs Rachels hand and drags her towards Monica.)
Excuse me! Excuse me! (Shes knocking women and veils out of the way as she moves.)(She gets to Monica who has the dress balled up in one hand and is sitting on Megan who
is sprawled out on the floor.)
Monica: (handing Phoebe the dress) Go! Go! Go!
Rachel: (seeing whos trapped) HeyMonica: NOW!!!!!!!! (Rachel runs off and Monica gets up to follow her.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Ross are there.]
Chandler: So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the
magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Ross: Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying
shed like to go out again.Chandler: Huh.
Ross: Yeah in fact, Im gonna go call her right now. And Ill make
sure to tell her my friend Chandler says (He mimics the shy reaction Chandler did.)Joey: (entering) Hey Chandler!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Listen, sorry I didnt stop by last night but I had a date.Chandler: Uh Joe, when its one oclock in the morning and you
dont come by? Thats okay!Joey: Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right
across the street!
Chandler: Really? Right across the street?
Joey: Yeah!
Chandler: Whend you meet her?Joey: Two days ago.
Chandler: Excellent! Yknow Ross met somebody too!Joey: Oh yeah?
Ross: (returning) Hey.
Chandler: Hi! Howd it go?Ross: Oh great! Were going out again Saturday. But I just found shes
also seeing some other guy.Chandler: (sarcastically shocked) Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in
Rosss situation?Joey: Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, Im dating this girl whos also
seeing another guy. But, I dont know, Im not too worried about it.Ross: Well you shouldnt be. Believe me I wouldnt want to be the guy
whos up against you. (Chandler laughs.) I mean that doofus is going to lose!Chandler: So this is nice! I wish I didnt have to go, believe me! But
unfortunately I have to. (He gets up and Joey moves over next to Ross.) Oh uh, by the way,
whats the name of the girl youre dating?Joey and Ross: Kristen Lang.
Chandler: Bye! (Exits.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, time lapse from the earlier scene.]
Ross: Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
Joey: Obviously! So, how do we decide?
Ross: Well now lets-lets look at this objectively, I think I should
date herJoey: (not buying it) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or, or Im the one who dates
her.Ross: Thats interesting, but check this out. I date herJoey: Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another directionRoss: Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Joey: Yeah well we should order some food then.
Ross: No Joey! Look why dont, why dont we just let her decide? Okay?
Hey-hey, well each go out with her one more time. And-and well see who
she likes best.Joey: (smiling) That sounds fair.
Ross: Maybe Ill take her to that new French restaurant down the
streetJoey: Ah yeahwait a second now! Look were gonna have to set a
spending limit on the date. I dont have the money to take her to a fancy place like
that.Ross: Well sorry, thats what I do on dates.Joey: All right, well I guess Ill just have to do what I do on dates.Ross: So lets decide on the spending limitJoey: Yeah. Uh, (thinks)a slice(Thinks)six dollars?Ross: I was thinking more like a hundred.
Joey: Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are admiring Monicas
wedding dress.]Monica: OhPhoebe: I know. Hand me a tissue. (Monica hands her one.)
(Rachel goes to the fridge, opens it, and blows on the whistle Monica gave her at the
store, which causes Phoebe and Monica to turn around and look at her.)
Rachel: Youre out of Diet Coke.(The phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel goes into the bathroom.)
Monica: Hello? (Listens) What?! (Listens) You what?! (Listens) Hey you listen
here missy! (Listens) Wh(She is hung up on.)Phoebe: What?!
Monica: That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our
wedding and said that I couldnt have them back unless I gave her the dress!Phoebe: (gasps) Does that mean Carcass is available?
Monica: What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress!
WhChandler wants the band. What do I do?Phoebe: Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Monica: How?
(There are three short whistle blasts from the bathroom.)
Rachel: Youre out of toilet paper![Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is getting ready for his date with Kristen.]
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Ross: Hey! Whats up?Joey: I just wanted to come by and yknow, wish you good luck on your date.Ross: Oh thanks!
Joey: Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
Ross: We have 8:00 reservations at Gramercy Bistro.
Joey: Wow, thats in like 20 minutes. Youd better get dressed.Ross: I am dressed.
Joey: Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is
this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Ross: I have an oily T-zone!
Joey: Okay dude! (Finds a receipt.) Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
Ross: Thats right.Joey: You spent a hundred dollars. Thats the limit. Youre screwed!Ross: Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So
technically, technically
I didnt break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.Joey: Oh-oh! So thats the way its gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the
rules too yknow!Ross: Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
Joey: I dont know.Ross: Why am I not surprised?
Joey: Yknow what Ross? Im not gonna let you get away with this!Ross: I dont think you have much choice.Joey: Well well see!Ross: Bye-bye!
Joey: Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So
just a light layer?
Ross: Yes. Yes. Just here (Runs his fingers down the bridge of his nose) and
there (Runs his fingers across his forehead).
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is entering without touching anything with his
hands. Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel are there.]
Chandler: Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! (He goes into the bathroom
to wash his hands.)
Phoebe: Yeah, swing music is so out.
Monica: Phoebe, hes gotta be in the room for that to work.Chandler: (returning) What are you guys talking about?
Monica: Well umm, we were just talking about the yknow, the Swing Kings
and just wondering whether yknow, they were the right way to go.Rachel: Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two
months later the couple got divorced. And now Im not saying that theres any
connection here yknow, but they did tell me thats why they got divorced.Chandler: But I love swing music!
Phoebe: Yeah but the Swing Kings? Yknow they suck so much that people
actually die at their concertsThey just stop living.Chandler: Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And
theres another reason too.Rachel: Well, what is the other reason?
Chandler: I dont want to say.Rachel: Well you have to because maybe its stupid.Chandler: Well its just while Monica and I were dancing to them it
wasthe first time I knew thatyou were the woman I wanted to dance all my
dances with.Monica: Oh crap!
[Scene: Gramercy Bistro, Ross and Kristen are waiting for their table to be ready.
Ross is returning from talking to the Maitre d'.]
Ross: So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Kristen: Oh great!
Ross: Yeah.
Kristen: Is your back feeling better?
Ross: Oh yeah its fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they
can spasm out of control.Joey: (entering) Kristen?
Kristen: Joey!
Joey: Hi!
Kristen: Hi! What are you doing here?
Joey: Oh I like this place. And technically, technically Im not breaking
any rules so IKristen: Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Joey: Hi!
Ross: Hi. (They shake hands.) Its nice to meet you. I used to have a
friend named Joey. I dont anymore.Kristen: Our table will be ready in a couple minutes.
Ross: Yeah. SoJoey: Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
Ross: So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Kristen: Well Joey doesnt like to talk about it but, hes one of the
stars of Days Of Our Lives.Ross: Thats right! Thats right, dont you play a woman?Joey: A woman in a mans body.Ross: Much better.
Joey: So yknow Ross its funny cause, you look familiar to me
too. Have you ever been married?Ross: Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were
talking about how Ive been married and how I have a son.Kristen: Yeah, little Eric.
Ross: Thats right! Wait no, Ben.Joey: So youve just married the one time then?Ross: Well ummKristen: Youve been married twice?Ross: Yes. And another time after that. Boy Im getting hungry! Hey Joey,
have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you
ate some
of her food?Kristen: You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Joey: (laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross, well nowwhy did that first
marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?Kristen: Do you two know each other?
Joey and Ross: No. No.
Joey: No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman
on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
(Kristen is not enjoying this.)
Ross: Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Joey: Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
Ross: Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
Joey: Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Ross: Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
Joey: Monkey lover!
(They both notice that Kristen has left.)
Joey: When do you think we lost her?
Ross: Probably around gonorrhea.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is entering.]
Chandler: Hi, honey! Im home!Monica: (from the bedroom) Dont come in here!Chandler: Why? Do you have another boyfriend in there or something?
Monica: No! We only mess around at his place!
Chandler: Yknow its funny I started it but, now its
scaring me.
So could you come out here please?Monica: No, Im wearing a wedding dress.Chandler: Oh you got a wedding dress? Thats great!Monica: Yeah but Im not keeping it.Chandler: Well then why cant I see it?Monica: Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you cant
like it.Chandler: Okay I promise. Ill-Ill hate it. (She enters.) Wow!
You-you lookhideous.Monica: Really?
Chandler: Yeah, thats like the most ugliest dress Ive ever seen.
Wh-why do you have to return it?Monica: Oh because it doesntreally fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked
the Swing Kings.Chandler: Oh thats great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean its
like yuck! Its terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!Monica: Okay! But you cant rip it. Well, maybe a little.Chandler: Okay!
Ending Credits
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are watching a basketball game
on the couch.]
Monica: (entering) Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding?
(They ignore her.) Guys?
Chandler: (without turning around) I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Monica:  Alright, whats going on?(They all slowly turn around to reveal that they are giving themselves a facial.)
Monica: Im sorry. Im sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls
alone. (She heads for the bedroom.)Ross: Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes were gonna have younger
looking skin!Joey: Yeah! (Monica goes in the bedroom.) Yknow, she could use a
little(Whistles that she needs to do what theyre doing.) (Something happens on
the game.) Oh nice shot!!! (They all cheer.)End
