Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are on the couch as Joey enters.]
Phoebe: (To Joey) Oh hey! How was your audition?
Joey: Im sorry, do I know you?Phoebe: What are you doing?
Joey: Nothing, Im just practicing blowing you off because Im gonna
be a big movie star!Phoebe: Oh! You got it?!
Joey:  Well no, not yet. But the audition went really good.
Monica: What was it for?
Joey: Oh, its this big budget period movie about these three Italian
brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. Its really classy! Oh,
and the director is supposed to be the next next Martin Scorcese.Phoebe: The next next?
Joey: Yeah, theres this guy from Chicago whos supposed to be the
next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guys right after him. (Joeys
cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!Estelle: Joey! Its Estelle! I just talked to the casting
people:
they loved you!Joey: (to Monica and Phoebe) They loved me!
Estelle: Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
Joey: (on phone) Oh my God!
Estelle: Theres just one thing. Do you have a problem with full
frontal nudity?Joey: Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh.
(Listens) Uh, okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
Phoebe: Whats the matter?Joey: They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Monica: Wow!
Joey: I know! My grandmothers gonna see this!Phoebe: Grandmas gonna have to get in line.Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, (although its really just Monicas now with Matthew
Perry in rehab) Monica is folding her laundry with Ross reading the paper and Phoebe
standing in the kitchen.]Phoebe: Hey, the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Monica: Yeah. But a part of me also cant wait til its over.
Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.Ross: A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman
in America.
Monica: Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand? 
Phoebe: Sure.
Monica: I gotta make up the guest bedroom. (To Ross) Hey, Cousin Cassie is
coming to stay with us for a few days.
Ross: Cassie?
Monica: Uh-hmm.
Ross: Wow, I havent seen her for, like, forever. I wonder if she still
carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.Monica: Ross, shes 25 years old.Ross: So what! I still haveNo youre probably right.Rachel: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?
Phoebe: Yeah!
Monica: Subtle guys!
Phoebe: What?!
Monica: I know youre planning my surprise bridal shower.Rachel: (laughs) Well okayWell dont ruin it! Just play along at
least!Monica: Okay. Sorry. (She goes into the guest bedroom.)
Rachel: (To Phoebe) Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey is entering.]
Monica: Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
Joey: I dont know! Its not like its porn! This is a serious,
legitimate movie. Yknow? And the nudity is really important to the story.Monica: Thats what you say about porn.Joey: Youre right. Maybe I shouldnt even go on the call back.Monica: No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean, the
chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Joey: Well thats true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds
really great. My characters catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who
run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and
undress each other and hold each other. Its really sweet and-and tender.Monica: Plus, everyones gonna see your thing. (Giggles.)[Scene: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe and Rachel are trying to plan Monicas shower.]Phoebe: Well, when can we have this shower?
Rachel: She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have
FridayPhoebe: Well thats only two days away. What is the other option?Rachel: Yesterday!
Phoebe: Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! Were done!Rachel: Oh my God, Phoebe, this is impossible! We cant do this by Friday!
We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! Theres just
too much to do! Its impossible! We cant do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do
it!Phoebe: Rachel, calm down!
Rachel: (calmly) Okay. Im sorry. Youre right, youre right.Phoebe: (grabs and shakes Rachel) Just calm down woman!
Rachel: Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Phoebe: Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Rachel: Okay. Okay. (They sit down.) I think we can do this if we just get
organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast
decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Phoebe: Uh, here. What time?
Rachel: 4 oclock. Food?Phoebe: Finger sandwiches and tea.
Rachel: Ooh great! Very Monica.
Phoebe: And chili!
Rachel: Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?
Phoebe: Both!
Rachel: Were paying for this yknow.Phoebe: Neither.
Rachel: Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?
Phoebe: Lusts of the flesh.
Rachel: (pause) What?
Phoebe: I dont know. (Timidly) A cowboy theme?[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is on the couch writing when Chandler enters to
make his brief cameo.]
Chandler: Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Yknow Im-Im really glad we decided not to sleep
together before the wedding.Monica: Oh boy, me too!
Chandler: Yknow I was thinking if we had aa big fight and uh we
broke up for a few hoursMonica: Yeah?
Chandler: Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and
domineering?!
Monica: The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
Chandler: Thats me! Come on!Monica: Okay. (They both jump up to head for their room, but Monica stops.) But
wait, we cant. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, were supposed to have
lunch.Chandler: Well, get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Monica: Shrill?! The wedding is back on!
(Cassie enters from the guest room, with her hair up. The extremely beautiful and sexy
Denise Richards is playing Cassie. Woo hoo! For those of you who dont know who she
is, rent Wild Things and she was also the last Bond girl in The World Is
Not Enough.)Cassie: I thought I heard voices. You must be Chandler.
Chandler: (transfixed) Hi! Nice to meet you!
Cassie: Nice to meet you too.
Monica: So, are you ready to go?
Cassie: Yeah.
(She lets her hair down and whips her hair around in Baywatch-esque slow motion
with a Barry White song in the background. Chandler needless to say cant help but
stare along with the rest of the male and lesbian population of North America.)Monica: (catching him) Chandler!
Chandler: Ill be right with you.[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is there as Chandler and Monica enters.]
Monica: (To Ross) Cassie needs to stay at your place.
Ross: Whatwhy?Monica: Because Purvy Perverson over here cant stop staring at her.Ross: What?! Chandler, shes our cousin!Chandler: I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently.
Its called being a good conversationalist. Watch. (Stares at Monicas eyes.)
Say something.Monica: You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Ross: Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even
look like now.
Monica: She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Chandler: Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Monica: Wafer thin ice!
[Scene: A Casting Directors Office, Joey is entering for his callback.]Joey: Hey, Im back!The Casting Director: Hi-hi Joey.
Joey: Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
The Casting Director: Actually, I tried to call you. You didnt need to
come down here today.Joey: Oh great! Yknow I wouldve been perfect for this part, but
whatever! Yknow, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
(Starts to leave.)The Casting Director: Wait Joey! You didnt need to come down because the
director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.Joey: And scene! Huh? Wasnt that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah!
Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?The Casting Director: Well, the director thinks youre really right for the
part and wants to meet you tomorrow.Joey: Wow! Sure! Thats great!The Casting Director: Oh, and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah sure, just so long as its handled tastefully and that barn
is not too cold.The Casting Director: Terrific! Well uh, theres one more thing. Uhh, uh
its really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic.
Yeah, and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how shes never seen a
naked man who wasnt Jewish. So (Laughs.)Joey: SoWhat?The Casting Director: So uh well, the director is insisting that whoever play
that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what Im saying?Joey: Yes!
The Casting Director: Okay.
Joey: No. What?
The Casting Director: An Italian Catholic immigrant at this time would not
beJoey:  Barmitsvahed?
(The casting director shakes her head.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey is telling Monica what the casting director was
trying to get to.]
Monica: So to get this part you cant be?Joey: Nope.
Monica: But you are?
Joey: Yep.
Monica: But you told them you werent?Joey: Thats right.Monica: Wow! Wow! And its definitely all gone? Theres nothing there
to work with? (Joey glares at her.) What were you thinking?Joey: I dont know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter
what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse,
you tell em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.Monica: Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning
togrow a turtleneck!Joey: I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet
the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Monica: Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Joey: I just have to call my agent and tell her I cant do the part. (Gets
up for the phone.)Monica: Unless!
Joey: Unless what?
Monica: Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Joey: Like what?
Monica: Well Im not sure yet, but umm, off the top of my head Im
thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering and Rachel is still planning.]
Phoebe: Hey! Ive got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay,
we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyones names in them and inside is
everyones individual birth stone.Rachel: Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party
is tomorrow and we still dont have a guest list.Phoebe: Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know thats coming? Me. Are you?Monica: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hey! Whats up Mon?Monica: Well uh, Im trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I
raid your fridge?Rachel: Have at it.
Monica: Okay. (Opens the fridge.) All right, turkey. Eh, that wont work.
Cheese? (Picks it up) That wont work. Olive loaf? (Picks it up) I hope that
wont work.Rachel: Are you makin him a sandwich?Monica: No its umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, Im gonna go guys.Phoebe and Rachel: Okay.
Monica: I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!
(Runs out.)
Rachel: (To Phoebe, after Monicas gone) We have to get her a present?!Phoebe: Okay but look! Look at what I got! Its her address book! (Holds it
up.) We have a guest list!Rachel: Oh my God youre amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?Phoebe: Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party. (Holds up $40.)
[Scene: Ross's apartment, there is a knock on the door and Ross opens it to Cassie.]
Ross: (shocked at her beauty) Cassie?!
Cassie: Hey Ross!
Ross: Hey!
Cassie: (hugs him) Its been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting
up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.Ross: Oh. Oh, thats right. So-so you did see me that day, because it seemed
like you didnt.Cassie: Ah yeah, sorry about that.
Ross: Its okay. Come, come on in.Cassie: Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monicas place was nice,
but her fiancee sure stares a lot.Ross: Oh.
(She sets down her bag and we travel back to slow motion world. She once again whips
her hair around in slow motion with the love doctor Barry White singing in the background.
And Id also like to take this opportunity to mention that she can also be seen in Starship
Troopers and that she was born in Downers Grove, Illinois which just happens to be a
few miles from where I live. Anyway, Cousin Ross is now staring.)Cassie: Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!
Ross: Uh-huh. Yeah, I-I have a knack for impressions.
Cassie: Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.
Ross: YeahNo!!Commercial Break
[Scene: Ross's apartment, Cassie is eating dinner and Ross is pacing behind her because
of what shes eating.]Ross: Cassie, how you-how you doin on thathot dog.Cassie: Im all done.Ross: (quietly) Thank God.
Cassie: I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented
that beach house together.
Ross: Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and
tickled you til you cried? (She laughs) Were probably too old to do that now.Cassie: Ill always remember that summer, because its when I got all
of these freckles. (She pulls her blouse open to show him her shoulder and bra strap.)Ross: (looking then moving away quickly) Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and Ill
always remember that summer because thats when I realized that we are related.Cassie: It took you that long to figure it out, huh?
Ross: Well Im, Im a little slow. (To himself) Just as our children
would be.[Scene: Phoebe's apartment, its Monicas bridal shower and Phoebe is passing
out some finger food.]Phoebe: Hi!
Woman: Hi!
Phoebe: How are you? (The woman nods) Good. (She goes over to another couple of
women.) Hi, thanks for coming.
Woman: Oh thank you.
(The other woman declines.)
Phoebe: Thank you. (To the other woman) No? (She nods.) All right. (She goes to
another pairing.) Oh, its so nice to see you.Woman: No.
The Other Woman: No thanks.
Phoebe: Okay. (Goes over to Rachel.) Hey Rach?
Rachel: Yeah?
Phoebe: Who the hell are all these people?
Rachel: Well, I dont know. I called all the people in Monicas phone
book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.Phoebe: Hmm, yknow theres another word for people like
that: Losers!(A woman approaches.)
Rachel: (to her) Hi! Im Rachel. This is Phoebe. Im the maid of
honor. How do you know Monica?Woman: I was her accountant four years ago.
Rachel: Ohhhh!
Woman: Im very interested to find out whos been doing her taxes
these last four years.Rachel: Thats great!Woman: So, what time is Monica supposed to get here?
Phoebe and Rachel: (to each other) I dont know.Rachel: (to the woman) Excuse us for a minute. (They go into the kitchen.) You
didnt tell her to come?!Phoebe: You were supposed to tell her!
Rachel: No I wasnt! You were supposed to tell her to come, and I was
supposed to bring the cake!Phoebe: Fine, Ill go call her.Rachel: Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is standing at the counter as Monica enters carrying a
tray.]
Monica: Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to
try on.
Joey: Wow! This looks great!
Monica: Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. (Points to it.) Umm, this one is
made of bologna. (Points.)
Joey: And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
Monica: Oh, just until the glue dries.
Joey: Thank God!
Monica: (to a whole group) Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable. 
Joey: Ah.
Monica: Okay? (To a different group) Over here we have pink suede, which is
nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know its gonna shrink.Joey: Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
Monica: I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, thats really just
for me. (Rubs it against her cheek.) Okay. So, why dont you go into your room and
try these on and well seeget a better idea of whats gonna work.Joey: Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
(He goes into his room to try them on and closes the door.)
Joey: Ow!
Monica: Toothpick?
Joey: Yeah.
Monica: What are you trying on now?
Joey: The fruit roll up.
Monica: And?
Joey: Delicious.
Monica: Joey!
Joey: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
Monica: What?! Which one?!
Joey: The Silly Putty! Its not so silly anymore!(They hug.)
[Scene: Ross's apartment, Cassie and Ross are watching a movie and Cassie is pouring
Ross some more wine, as Ross has his hands full with the glass and holding the bowl of
popcorn in his lap.]
Ross: (in his head) Shes your cousin. Shes your cousin! If
she knew what was going on in your head shed think you were sick! (She grabs
some popcorn.) Or would she? Lets back up a second. She was the one who
suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She
was the one that wanted to rent Logans Run, the sexiest movie ever. (She
grabs the blanket from behind him and looks at him.) Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I
want it. She wants it. Im going in.(They exchange looks, smile, and shrug their shoulders before Ross suddenly lunges
forward in an attempt to kiss her, but she expertly backs away.)
Cassie: Hey! What the hell are you doing?! (They sit back up.)
Ross: (in his head) Say something clever! (Pause.) Okay, doesnt
have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. (Pause) Any words will
do. (Pause) Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! (Pause)
There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! (Pause.) (To
her) I-I, I uh havent had sex in a very long time. (She leaves.) (In his
head) Yeah, you really shouldnt have said anything.[Scene: outside Phoebe's apartment, Monica is knocking on the door.]
Monica: Phoebe! Rachel! Its Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need
me for on such short notice! (She bursts into the apartment to find only Phoebe and Rachel
sitting on the couch.) Oh.Rachel: Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
Monica: For what?
Rachel: Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
Phoebe: And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
Monica: You al-you already had it?
Phoebe: Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and a bunch of people
came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Rachel: Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now
you dont have either.Phoebe: We ruined everything.
Rachel: UghMonica: Well no, wait a minute, thats not true! No, what did, that was
really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.Rachel: What do you, what do you mean?
Monica: Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I
mean, I get all those presents (Motions to the pile in the corner) without having to talk
to people I dont even like!(Suddenly, everyone stands up and comes out of hiding. All of them are glaring at
Monica.)
Rachel: SurprisePhoebe: Sur-surprise.
Rachel: Monica.[Scene: The casting directors office, Joey is there to show off to the director,
so to speak.]Joey: And whats cool is, the character is from Naples, right?The Director: Yeah.
Joey: My whole familys from Naples!The Director: Oh thats great! Okay, well Ive heard everything I need
to hear. I just need to uh, LeslieThe Casting Director: Joey, this is the awkward part.
Joey: Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I
totally understand. You need to yknow make sure I dont have any horrible scars
or tattoos. Dont you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands,
back up and looks down.) So there you go, thats me. (We cut to a camera angle
looking at the casting director and movie director through Joeys legs.) One hundred
percent natural! (Suddenly, theres a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is
shocked.) I tell ya, that has never happened before.Ending Credits
[Scene: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe is getting out linens for Cassie who is in the
bathroom.]
Phoebe: Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Cassie: Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.
Phoebe: Oh! No problem! I (Cassie emerges from the bathroom and we once
again visit slow motion Barry White background music land with the sexy hair-flipping
thing going on, only this time Phoebe is entranced. For more information on Denise
Richards you can visit your local library or look her up on the Internet at her official
website at www.deniserichards.com.)Cassie: (noticing her) What?
Phoebe: (in her head) Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! Shes
not your cousin!End
