Teleplay by: Brian Boyle
Story by: Sherry Bilsing & Ellen Plummer
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Monica are there as Joey is entering excitedly.]
Joey: Hey! You guys! Youre not gonna believe this! I just got off the
phone with my agentPhoebe: Oh my God! (Joey looks at her.) Im sorry, too soon. You go.Joey: Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
Monica: Joey!
Phoebe: Good for you!
Monica: Congratulations! Wow! I cant believe youre nominated for an Emmy!Joey: No-no.
Monica: Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
Joey: No! Im up for a Soapie!Monica: Honey? Is that something youre making up?Joey: No, no, no! Its real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns
from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! Im up for a Soapie!Rachel: (gasps) Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious
soap opera award there is!
Joey: Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who Im taking to the awards.
(Points to Rachel.)Rachel: Oh, stop that! Dont kid about that! (Gasps) Will all the stars be
there?Joey: Many are scheduled to appear.
Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God! I cant go! Im gonna be too nervous!Monica: (to Joey) Okay, Ill go!Rachel: No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
Opening Credits
[Scene: N.Y.U, Ross is giving a lecture.]
Ross: and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the
Velociraptor would expand its collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten
its predator. (A student raises his hand.) Yes Mr. Lewis?Lewis: What kinda noise?
Ross: Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
Lewis: But like how?
Ross: Well we-we dont know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded
something like this. (He makes a high pitched noise and Alan doesnt know what to
make of it.) Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, thats uh, thats all for
today. (Everyone starts to get up.) Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?Morse: Yes sir.
Ross: Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, Im afraid
I-I had to fail you.Morse: (shocked) Why?!
Ross: Well you need 60% to passMorse: Whatd I get?Ross: Seven.
Morse: Thats not so good.Ross: No-no its not. What-what happened there Ned?Morse: Well maybe you can cut me some slack. Im sort of in love.Ross: Well Im sorry but, that-thats really not my problem.Morse: Im in love with you.Ross: Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Morse: You see, thats why I did so bad on this test. Im having a
hard time concentrating. When youre up there (Points to the podium) and youre
teaching and your face gets all seriousyou look so good. (In a sexy voice) You wear
that tight little turtleneck sweaterRoss: Okay! (Walks away from him.) Umm, I uh, Im your teacher. Im
sorry, youre-youre a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be
written on the backs of some of these chairs.[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are drinking coffee and Phoebe notices a cute
guy checking them out.]
Phoebe: Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Monica: Really? (Looks.) My God, hes really cute.Phoebe: Go for it.
Monica: Phoebe, Im engaged!Phoebe: Im just saying, get his number just in case. But no: Chandler is in
an accident and cant perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to
satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.The Cute Guy: (To Monica) Hi!
Monica: Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, Im
engaged. (Points to her ring.)The Cute Guy: Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to
talk to your friend.
Monica: Well you should be embarrassed. (Leaves.)
The Cute Guy: (To Phoebe) I thought you knew I was looking at you.
Phoebe: I did, but that was really fun.
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is sitting in the chair.]
Joey: (pretending to be an announcer) And the winner isJoey Tribbiani! (He
then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a
bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I
didnt prepare a speech. But umm, Id like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my
parents, whove always been there for me. Id also like to thank my friends,
Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, RachelRachel: Im fourth! (Joey is startled.) Look at you with your little maple
syrup award!Joey: Yeah may-maybe you dont tell anyone about this.Rachel: What? No! Its not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo
bottle.Joey: Really?
Rachel: Yeah.
Joey: What award are you practicing for?
Rachel: Grammy, Best New Artist.
Joey: Oh, hey listen! The Soapies called today, and I also get to present
an award.Rachel: Ohh thats great!Joey: Yeah!
Rachel: So youll definitely get onstage, even if you dont win.Joey: (confused) What you-you dont think Im gonna win?Rachel: Well of course I do! But yknow, favorite returning character is a
tough category Joey. I mean youre up against the guy who survived his own cremation.Joey: Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but its justIve
never even been nominated before! I want it so much.Rachel: Well Joey, youll probably get it. But you should probably
start practicing your gracious loser face. Yknow when like the cameras are on you and you wanna
look disappointed, but also that your colleague deserved to win. Yknow? So its
sorta like (Does it, youll have to see it.)Joey: Hey! (Likes it.)
Rachel: Yknow?Joey: You practice losing the Grammies too?
Rachel: Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Joey: Ah.
[Scene: Monicas Restaurant Kitchen, shes cooking as Phoebe enters.]Phoebe: Oh hey!
Monica: Hey! Howd your date go with Jake?Phoebe: Oh, great! We couldnt keep our eyes off each other all night and
then every once and a while yknow, hed kinda lean over and stroke my hair and
touch my neck. (Does that to Monica.)Monica: Okay, stop it Phoebe, youre getting me all tingly.Phoebe: (laughs) All I could think of was yknow, "Is he gonna kiss
me? Is he gonna kiss me?"Monica: And did he?
Phoebe: Im a lady Monica, I dont kiss and tell. But this hickey
speaks for itself. (She starts to open up her blouse.)Monica: Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
Phoebe: I just like him so much that I just feel like Ive had 10 drinks
today and Ive only had six.Monica: Oh, I havent had that feeling since I first started going out with
Chandler. Wow, Im never gonna have that feeling again, am I?Phoebe: You sound like a guy.
Monica: No, a guy would be saying, "Im never gonna get to sleep with
anyone else." Oh my God! Im never gonna get to sleep with anyone else!
Ive been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that
Id be giving up! I mean, IIm never gonna have a first kiss again.Phoebe: Youll have a last kiss.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is helping Joey with his tie.]
Ross: Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
Joey: Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
Ross: Theres this kid in my class who said hes in love with me.Joey: Whoa!
Rachel: (entering from her room) Whoa what?
Joey: Ross has a boyfriend.
Ross: I do-I do not have a boyfriend. Theres a guy in one of my
classes who-who has a crush on me.Rachel: Really?
Ross: Yeah! I dont know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid.
What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind ofsexy professor vibe? (Rachel
and Joey both look at him.)Rachel: Not right now.
Ross: It-itThe point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.Rachel: Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and
it was so hard! Yknow youI couldnt concentrate and I blushed every time
he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember whats its like to be 19 and in
love.Ross: Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
Rachel: Yeah.
Joey: Howd you get over that teacher?Rachel: I didnt. I got under him.Joey: (To Ross) Problem solved.
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is saying good-bye to her boyfriend Jake at the door to
Central Perk.]
Jake: Bye Phoebe.
Phoebe: Okay bye. (They kiss.)
Jake: All right. Bye. (Backs out the door.)
Phoebe: Bye! (Phoebe goes over and joins Monica on the couch.) We said good-bye
at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Monica: Phoebe, its okay. You dont have to tip toe around me.
I-Ive been thinking about it and umm, yknow what? Im okay about not
having that new relationship feelingJake: (yelling through the window to Phoebe) I miss you already!!
Phoebe: (yelling back) I miss you too!!!! (He walks away.)
Monica: See? Thats what I mean. I mean that, thats great! But
I wouldnt trade in what I have for that. I mean Im gonna be with Chandler for
the rest of my life, and thats what makes me happy. (Chandler approaches.) Hey
sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our
relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is, dont you think?Chandler: Oh totally! (Holds up his finger.) Pull my finger.
[Scene: The 2001 Soapie Awards, Joeys category is up next and the presenter walks
to the podium.]Announcer: Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is
McKensize[Cut to Joey and Rachels table.]Joey: (To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
Rachel: I know! My God! Do you have your speech?
Joey: Yeah, I got my speech!
Rachel: Do you got your gracious loser face?
Joey: Yeah. (Does it.)
Rachel: Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
Joey: Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
Rachel: On TV?! Yeah!
Joey: Kay![Cut to the presenter.]
The Presenter: in the category of Favorite Returning Male Character the
nominees are: John Wheeler from General Hospital (Applause), Gavin Grant from The
Young and the Restless (Applause), Duncan Harrington from Passions (Applause),
and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives (Applause). And the Soapie goes
to(She opens the envelope)Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!Joey: What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel, and which
is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that hes on TV
right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)Commercial Break
[Scene: The 2001 Soapie Awards, the announcer is introducing the next presenter.]
Announcer: Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani
from Days of Our Lives. (Applause as Joey angrily walks to the podium and eyes the
trophy.)
Joey: (angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for
this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head
in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are: from Passions: Erin Goff.
(There is applause, which Joey disgustedly waits to die out.) From One Life to Live:
Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again, but Joey interrupts in with the rest of
the nominees), from All My Children: Sarah McCann, and from Days of Our Lives:
Jessica Ashley. And the winner is(Opens the envelope)Jessica Ashley from Days
of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldnt be with us tonight, so
Ill be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And Im sure
that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. Shed also
like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel, whos
sittin right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is
turned off; this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are entering.]
Rachel: Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Joey: Rach, we had to get out of there because: look what I won! (He whips out
the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
Rachel: Oh my God, you stole her award!
Joey: No-no! No, Im accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the
TV to display it.)Rachel: Joey I dont think you know what behalf means.Joey: Sure I do! Its a verb! As in, "I behalfin it!"Rachel: Joey, you have got to take this back!
Joey: But why?! I shouldve won one and I really want it, and she
didnt even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.Rachel: (looking at the award) No! Joey!
Joey: Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of
em.Rachel: Do you really want an award you didnt win?Joey: No! I want an award I did win! But nobodys giving me any of those!
PlusHey Rach, if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come
over theyll see it and theyll think I won it.Rachel: Joey, it says Best Supporting Actress!
Joey: I can scratch that right off.
Rachel: Joey, no: this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You dont
want to win an award this way. Youre very talented. And someday youre gonna
win one of these for real, and that one is gonna mean something.Joey: All right!
Rachel: All right? (He sets the award down.) Thank you.
Joey: Ill take it back tomorrow.Rachel: Thank you.
(He goes into his room and closes the door. Rachel goes to pick it up and)Joey: (opening his door) If I cant have it you cant have it! (Rachel
walks away angrily.)[Scene: Rosss Classroom, he is writing on the board and Alan is coming in to see
him.]Lewis: Professor Geller?
Ross: (turning towards him) Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
Lewis: I know I didnt do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda
hoping you could change my grade.Ross: And why exactly would I do that? (Goes back to writing on the board.)
Lewis: Because Im in love with you.Ross: (turning around and dragging the chalk down the board) What?!
Lewis: Yeah, Im allin love with you and stuff. So could you change
my grade?Ross: No!
Lewis: Well why not? You changed Neds grade!Ross: Well thats different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with
me!Lewis: No hes not! Hes totally yanking your chain! Hes done
this with three other teachers!Ross: What?
Lewis: Hes got a girlfriend!Ross: I cant believe someone would do that for a grade.Lewis: I know! Its awful. I love you.(Ross glares at him.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Monica enters.]
Monica: Have you seen Chandler?
Phoebe: No. Why?
Monica: Cause I just keep thinking about all these things that Im
not gonna have, and its freaking me out. I dont know what to do about it.Phoebe: Okay, dont sweat it. (Looking around her.) Chandler is nowhere
around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guys cute. (Points to a guy
sitting behind Monica.)Monica: Phoebe! Come on, Im serious! I just got to talk to him about all
this.Phoebe: No, that is the last thing you want to do!
Monica: Why?
Phoebe: Because youre marrying him!Monica: You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Phoebe: All right, Ive never been engaged and Ive never really been
married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears
or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.Monica: So Im not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy
Im gonna spend the rest of my life with?Phoebe: That is correct! Yes, youre supposed to take all of that stuff and
put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.Monica: Your mother told you this?
Phoebe: Yes!
Monica: The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you
were 13?
Phoebe: Oh my God! Youre right! Go! (Monica starts to leave.) Go tell
Chandler! Hurry before its too late! Wait no! (Monica stops.) Does this also mean
putting out doesnt get you love? (Monica is shocked.)[Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey and Rachel are there to give Jessica her award.]
Rachel: I cannot believe Im gonna meet Jessica Ashley!Joey: Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
Rachel: Okay, Im totally cool! (She coolly knocks on the door)Jessica Ashley: Come in.
(The enter.)
Joey: Hey Jessica.
Rachel: (coolly) Hey Jess.
Joey: Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Jessica Ashley: Hi.
Rachel: Sup? (Joey glares at her.)Joey: Uh listen, heres your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to
her.)Jessica Ashley: (shocked) Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this
means?! (She rolls her eyes and throws it onto the couch.)
Joey: Well, that-that-thats it? Youre gonna, youre gonna put
it on your shelf or anything?Jessica Ashley: No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if youll
excuse me. (She exits.)Joey: (To Rachel) Take it back?
Rachel: Absolutely.
Joey: Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with
flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is talking to Chandler.]
Monica: Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would
like to talk about or share?
Chandler: Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
Monica: Youre wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at
all?Chandler: Kinda. Theyre really big.Monica: Doesnt it ever just freak you out that-that youre never
gonna be with anybody new again?Chandler: What?
Monica: Just, I love you so much. JustIts just sometimes it bothers
me that Im never gonna have that feeling. Yknow when you meet someone for the
first time and its new and exciting? Yknow that rush?Chandler: No. No, see when I first meet somebody its uh its mostly
panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.Monica: Okay, but all right youre a guy, does it not freak you that
youre never gonna sleep with anybody else?Chandler: Sleeping with somebody new: anxiety, panic, and, Im afraid, even
more sweating.Monica: Even with me?
Chandler: I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our
relationship. (Monica laughs.) Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be
together for the rest of our lives.
Monica: Really?
Chandler: Well yeah! But now that I know that youre having these thoughts,
Im back to panic, anxiety, and uh Im definitely gonna need some kind of sports
drink.Monica: Come here! Come here! (They hug.) Sweetie you dont have to worry.
No, besides yknow what? Im gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first
time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkidChandler: (hoarsely) Water! Water! Water!
[Scene: Rosss classroom, he has just finished his lecture and the students are
filing out.]Ross: Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
Morse: (walking up) That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair
cut?
Ross: Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to
know that Im changing your grade back.Morse: What?! Why?
Ross: Cause I know what youre trying to pull here. Okay? Its
not gonna work.Morse: Im not trying to pull anything. Look, I love you dude.Ross: Yknow what? I-Im not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This
little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay(Ned looks
shocked)Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me
feel, Ned?! You used me! You dont love me and you never did! (Ross turns around to
make a grand exit but runs into two colleagues.) Ah Professor Winston, Professor
Fredrickson, Ill be right with you. (To Ned) Dont make this worse and
Ill give you a C. (To the professors) Shall we? (They leave.)Ending Credits
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering.]
Phoebe: Rach? 
Rachel: Ill be out in a second.(Phoebe notices the Soapie on the counter.)
Phoebe: Oh. (Picks it up.) Its just so unexpected! II uhBoy
Ill tell you its just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize
and yknow to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony
award for best actress inRachel: (entering from her room) Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at
8:00.
Phoebe: in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. (To an imaginary Neil
Simon) Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words. (Blows him a kiss.)Rachel: Okay honey, you can finish this later were gonna be late. We gotta
go.Phoebe: Please, dont play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW
YORK! ITS SATURDAY NIGHT!!End




