Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: The Wedding Hall, Monica and Chandler have just said "I do," and the
photographer is taking the required pictures. First of Monica, Chandler, Ross and Joey.]
Photographer: Great. (Takes a picture.) Great! Just give me a sec to change
film.
Monica: Okay.
Ross: (To Monica) Okay, I know Im not supposed to know, but I do. And
Im so excited for you!Joey: What? Whats going on?Ross: Monicas pregnant!Joey: Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
Monica: Guys! Im not pregnant.Joey: Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
Ross: What?! What do you mean? You-you-youre not pregnant?Monica: You didnt tell anybody I was did you?!Ross: No! (Pause) Ill be right back. (Exits.)Photographer: Now why dont we get a shot of just Monica and the bloody
soldier.Monica: (To Joey) Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Joey: I cant! I-I dont have any other clothes here.Monica: Find some! Please! Anything that doesnt say I-I died tragically in
France. (Joey leaves to find clothes.)Photographer: Well then why dont we see the bride and the groom and the
bridemaids.Phoebe: Okay. (Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.) Hey
Mon, why did you tell the guys you werent pregnant?Monica: Because Im not.Phoebe: We found your test in the trash, if youre not pregnant(She
sees Rachel shaking her head)Its because I am.(Flash, the photographer takes a picture of Monica and Chandlers stunned faces.)Chandler: What?! What are you talking about?
Monica: What are you talking about?
Phoebe: Yes, II am with child. (Flash) And I didnt want to say
anything because its your day; I didnt want to steal your thunder.Monica: Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! (Flash) Does this
look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Chandler: Whos the father?Monica: Yeah!
Phoebe: I cant say.Monica: Why?!
Chandler: Why not?
Phoebe: I cant say because hes famous.Rachel: Oh my God, who is it?! (Phoebe rolls her eyes.)
Monica: Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Phoebe: Okay, okay. Its James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my
baby.Chandler: As in Barbara Streisands husband James Brolin?Phoebe: What?! Well he never said that to me!
Opening Credits
[Scene: The Wedding Hall, continued from earlier.]
Photographer: Why dont we have Monica step away and well get
Chandler and the bridemaids.Phoebe: How about just the bridemaids?
Chandler: Yknow I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.Phoebe: It is.
Rachel: For you. (Chandler leaves.)
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Rachel: Oh, thank you for doing that. I just cant deal with this just
quite yet.Phoebe: So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Rachel: You said that she was, I just didnt disagree with you.Phoebe: Sneaky.
Rachel: Oh yeah.
Photographer: Smile ladies.
Rachel: Oh! (They smile and the picture is taken.) Oh by the way?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Rachel: James Brolin?
Phoebe: Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and
then I remembered hes gay.Rachel: Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.
Phoebe: (intrigued) Really?!
[Scene: The Reception Hall, the party is in full swing.]
Bandleader: Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great
pleasure to introduce to you for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. Chandler Bing!
(They enter.)
Chandler: Before we go out there Ive got a present for ya.Monica: Honey, Im going to put my hand in your pocket!Chandler: No?
Monica: No.
Chandler: Ive been taking dancing lessons.Monica: What?!
Chandler: Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never
forget.
Monica: Oh that is so sweet!
Chandler: So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Monica: Yes.
(They walk onto the dance floor and Chandler slips and almost falls.)
Monica: Whats the matter?Chandler: I dont know, its these new shoes, theyre all
slippery.Monica: Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Chandler: Not well.
(They start dancing and Chandler starts slipping around.)
Monica: Well, the good news is, I dont think anyones looking at us.[Cut to Phoebe and Rachel at their table.]
Phoebe: So, are you ready to talk about it?
Rachel: No.
(Pause)
Phoebe: Now?
Rachel: No!
Phoebe: Okay, well talk about something else then.Rachel: Thank you.
Phoebe: Whos the father?!Rachel: Ugh! Look honey yknow what? I havent told him yet, so until
I do I dont think I should tell anybody else.Phoebe: Yeah. Thats fine. Thats fair. Is it Tag?Rachel: Phoebe!!
Phoebe: Okay, Im sorry. Ill stop.Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Is it Ross? Its Ross isnt itOh my God, its Joey!Rachel: Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.
Phoebe: Ah-hah! At least we know its a him.[Cut to Joey entering wearing a preppy tennis outfit.]
Monica: (seeing him) Oh sweet Lord.
Joey: Im sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and its either
this or a bathrobe! Look, whats more important, the way Im dressed or me being
with you on your special day?Monica: Honey, Im not even going to pretend I was listening. (Sees someone
else.) Hey! Hey! (Goes over to that person.)[Cut to the hallway outside the room, Ross is going to see which table hes at and
sees a beautiful woman doing the same thing.]Ross: Hi. Im uh, Im Ross. I dont, I dont believe
weve met. Im Monicas older brother.Woman: Oh hi, Im, Im Mona from her restaurant.Ross: Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. (He uses his card to mouth those
words.) (Pause) Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Mona: You think so? Ive always kinda hated it.Ross: Aw come on, Mona Lisa?
Mona: Uh-huh.
Ross: Mona ummClickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no shes
uhwell shes dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the
plant world.Mona: Really?! Well see? I never knew about her.
Ross: Linda Clickclocken. (Pause) So what uh, what-what table are you at? (She
shows him.) Oh, uh me too.
Mona: Oh good. Now therell be someone there who likes my name.Ross: (sexily) Yes there will. (Mona leaves and Ross tries to find the same
table.) Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert youve just been bumped up to table one. And if
its all right with you Im gonna take your place at table sixMartin
Clickclocken.[Cut back inside to Joey giving a beautiful woman a tennis lesson by standing behind
her.]
Joey: Thats better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go.
Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They
do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)[Cut to Chandler sitting down near Joey as his mom walks over. His birth mother, not
the mother who recently visited one of those clinics in Sweden.]
Mrs. Bing: Chandler darling! Look, my date has finally arrived. Id like
you to meet Dennis Phillips.Dennis Phillips: Congratulations.
Chandler: Thank you.
Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.
Chandler: Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.
Dennis Phillips: Oh, Im so sorry I missed the ceremony, I was stuck at
auditions.Mrs. Bing: Oh yes, Dennis is directing a new Broadway show.
Joey: I dont believe weve met, Joey Tribbiani.Dennis Phillips: Dennis Phillips
Joey: Wow, Ive admired your work for years. You-youve done some
really amazing stuff.Dennis Phillips: Oh, thank you. Well if youll excuse me, Im gonna go
get myself a drink. Be back in a moment. (Walks away.)Joey: Wow Dennis Phillips! Thats great! How did you guys meet?Mrs. Bing: Well, its a funny story.Chandler: Funny: ha-ha or funny: (Mimes blowing his brain out.)
[Time lapse. The band is finishing another song.]
Bandleader: Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your
seats, dinner will be served.
(Ross starts looking for table six and finds out that its the kids table.
He sees Mona sitting at another table.)Ross: Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Mona: No, nine. (Shows him the card again.)
Ross: Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way
(he turns her hand upside down) which uh, which was misleading. Well Im (He
goes at sits down at his new table and the kids stare at him.) Hello.[Cut to the hallway, Chandler is putting tape on the bottom of his shoes.]
Joey: Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips?
Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I wouldve done it all, film,
television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and thats just for ugly
people.Chandler: What size shoes do you wear?
Joey: Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Chandler: Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance
floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Joey: Uh, I dont even really know where I left those. Sorry.Chandler: (looking at Joeys feet) Those arent eleven and a half.Joey: Okay fine! Im a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet.
But the rest of me is good, Ill show ya![Cut to Monica and Rachel at their table.]
Monica: Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant?!
Rachel: Oh yknow what honey? Lets not talk about that right now?Monica: This is so huge.
Rachel: Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?
Monica: Of course not nothing is. Between me and youRachel: Yeah.
Monica: in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?Rachel: Hey! Yknow, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can
wear everything theyre supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets
through!Monica: How?
Rachel: I dont know! Maybe they have tools.Monica: Well I-I talked to and uh, shes definitely going to have this
baby. Yknow, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.Rachel: Well, maybe thats, maybe thats really brave.Monica: Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard its gonna be.Rachel: Maybe she hasnt really thought it through that well.Monica: Well, theres a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she
going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize
shes not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?Rachel: (starting to cry) I dont know.Monica: Are you okay?
Rachel: Uh-hmm. Im just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.Waiter: Champagne?
Rachel: Oh yes! Thank you very much! (She grabs a glass, takes a sip, and
realizes what she just did. She then tries to spit the champagne back into the glass
without Monica noticing. It doesnt work.) Oh thats-thats actually how
the French drink it.(Monica gasps.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: continued from earlier, only now Phoebe joins them.]
Phoebe: Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James BrolinMonica: Oh really?!
Phoebe: Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would
leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin
saidMonica: (interrupting) Rachels really the one whos pregnant.Phoebe: (shocked) What?! (deadpan) Why bother?
Monica: How do you feel?
Rachel: I dont know. I dont know how I feel. This is all happening
so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I dont want to make. (Takes another
sip of champagne and spits it back out) Somebody just take this away from me!!Phoebe: Calm down. Maybe youre not pregnant.Rachel: What?!
Phoebe: When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times
just to make sure.
Monica: Yes! Maybe its a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the
stick right?Rachel: How many ways are there to do that?
Phoebe: Im-Im just saying, dont freak out until youre a
hundred percent sure.Rachel: All right, Ill-Ill take it again when I get home.Monica: You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Rachel: Okay. Thank you.
Monica: Okay.
Phoebe: Ill run out and get you one.Rachel: Oh, you guys are so great.
Monica: Oh, wait a minute! Whos is the father?!Phoebe: Oh no, she wont tell us.Monica: Oh, come on its my wedding! That can be my present.Rachel: WhHey, I just gave you peeing on a stick.Phoebe: See? This is why you register.
[Cut to Ross at the kiddie table. He reaches for something and a fart noise emanates
which causes the kids to laugh.]
Ross: It was the chair again! Okay? Im not doing it! It whatlook, I
dontyknow whateh-eh (He walks away and goes over to Mona.)
Hi.Mona: Hi!
Ross: Umm, would you like to dance?
Mona: Sure.
Ross: Yeah?
Mona: Yeah.
Ross: Oh great! (They get up to dance and Ross is interrupted by a little girl.)
Little Girl: Dr. Geller?
Ross: I wasnt farting! (To Mona) Uh, a little game from our table. (To the
little girl) Yes?Little Girl: Dr. Geller, will you dance with me?
Ross: Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, Im about to dance
with this lady.Little Girl: Okay. (She drops her head in disappointment and walks away.)
Mona: Ohhhh!
Ross: Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldnt mind letting you go first.Mona: Id be happy to. (To Ross) You are very sweet.Ross: Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why dont we try it my special way? You
can dance on my feet.Little Girl: Sure!
Ross: Yeah? Hop on. (They start dancing and Mona sits down.) Is the pretty lady
looking?
Little Girl: Uh-huh.
Ross: Keep dancing.
[Cut to Chandler in the hallway practicing dancing and is doing it very well.]
Chandler: And the world will never know.
Joey: Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
Chandler: Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of
Our Lives.
Joey: No-no! No! No! You dont tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks
Im a soap actor.Chandler: But youre not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor
with freakishly tiny feet.Joey: Hey!
[Joey walks back inside just as Rosss dance is finishing.]Little Girl: Thank you.
Ross: No-no, thank you Miranda.
Little Girl: Melinda!
Ross: All right. (Walks over to Mona.)
Mona: How cute was that?
Ross: Oh-oh, were you, were you watching?
(Another little girl walks over to him.)
Second Girl: Can I go next?
Ross: What? Of course you can! Hop on!
Mona: Okay, but I get to hop on after her. (Ross bites the air in response.)
Ross: I am so gonna score.
Second Girl: What?
Ross: I like your bow.
[Behind them, Joey goes up to the bandleader and interrupts the song.]
Joey: (clinks his glass) Id like to propose a toast. To Monica and
Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first
found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly
angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought
back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and
there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) Im sorry. And-and some
scared memoriesWhoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized
Ill always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has
training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but
realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple![Time Lapse, the interrupted song is finishing.]
Bandleader: Thank you.
Ross: (to the second girl) That was very nice Ashley.
Ashley: Can we do it again?
Ross: No-no. (Walks over to Mona again.) 
Mona: So, is it my turn now?
(A large little fat girl walks over.)
Fat Girl: Im next!Ross: Oh! (Recoils in horror.)
Mona: Uh, thats okay. You can dance with her first.Ross: Oh, you-you sure? (She nods yes.) Okay. (To the girl) Okay. So whats
uh, whats your name.Fat Girl: Gert!
Ross: Thats, thats pretty. (They start to dance and Gert tries to
step on Rosss feet, but he pulls them out of harms way.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
What are you doing there Gert?Gert: Dancing on your feet! Like the other girls did it.
Ross: Okay. (Swallows hard.) Hop on Gert. (She does and Ross winces in pain.)
Gert: Why arent you moving your feet?Ross: Im trying. (He strains to move his feet.)Gert: Faster! Youre not going fast enough!Ross: Maybe I should stand on your feet! (Gerts shocked and Ross realizes
what he said and tries to brush it off.)[Cut to Joey going over to talk to Dennis Phillips.]
Joey: So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there?
Dennis Phillips: Oh my God, that was for my benefit?
Joey: Well, Id like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I
know youre casting for this new showDennis Phillips: Look umm Joey, I-I dont think youre quite right for
this project.Joey: Oh, see thats where youre wrong. Whatever it is I can do it.
And if didnt see it up there, just-just try me.Dennis Phillips: Its an all Chinese cast. Can you be Chinese?Joey: Well Im not proud of this, but (He turns around and starts to
mess with his eyelids.)Dennis Phillips: Oh my God! No-no-no! Please! Please!
Dont-dont-dont![Cut to Monica walking up to Chandler.]
Monica: Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Chandler: Did it turn into sand?
Monica: Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, youll be fine. (She starts
to walk towards the floor.)Chandler: (sliding up behind her) No. No, I wont. Do you know why I took
all those lessons? See, for the first time I didnt want you to be embarrassed to be
seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.Monica: Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. (Chandler grunts.) Okay, you can
easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesnt matter. All right? I married you! So I
want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. (They go onto the floor.) Just
try not to move your feet at all. (Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a
move.) There you go.(Mr. Geller dances over.)
Mr. Geller: Chandler, Im gonna have you arrested.Chandler: Why?
Mr. Geller: You stole my moves. (He starts to dance like Chandler was and
Chandler stops.)
[Scene: The Womens Restroom, Rachel and Phoebe are waiting for the outcome of
Rachels second test.]Rachel: How much longer?
Phoebe: 30 seconds.
Rachel: 30 seconds, okay.
Monica: (entering) Did I miss it? (Phoebe nods no.) Rachel, I-I want you to know
that, if its positive, were gonnaRachel: Oh I know. I know. (They hug.)
Phoebe: Its time.(Another woman starts to enter.)
The Girls: No!! (The woman backs out.)
Monica: Go ahead Rach.
(She goes over to look.)
Rachel: Oh wait! Yknow what? I cant, I cant look at it. I
cant. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.Phoebe: Okay.
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Umm, its negative.Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Its negative.Rachel: Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! (Pause) That isthats
greatthat is really great-great news. (Pause) Yknow cause the whole not
being ready and kinda the financial aspects, all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way
it was supposed to be. (Starts to cry.) God.Monica: Well Well, great.Phoebe: Here. (Gives Rachel a tissue.)
Rachel: Thanks. (Crying) God this is so stupid! (Pause) How could I be upset
over something I never had? Its negative?Phoebe: No, its positive.Rachel: What?!
Phoebe: Its-its not negative, its positive.Rachel: Are you sure?
Phoebe: Well yeah, I lied before.
Rachel: Oh!
Monica: Oh GodPhoebe: Now you know how you really feel about it.
Rachel: Oh-oh, thats a risky little game!Monica: Are you really gonna do this?
Rachel: Yeah. Im gonna have a baby. Im gonna have a baby. Im
gonna have a baby! (They all hug.)Phoebe: With who?
Rachel: Ah, its still not the time.Dedicated to the People of New York City
Closing Credits
[Scene: The Reception, Joey is helping Ross walk after Gert got through with him and
Mona is looking on concerned.]
Ross: I just didnt see the fast song coming.Joey: Shh. Shh. Dont try to talk, well get you up to your room,
well soak your feet, youll be okay.Ross: Oh, thank you.
Mona: That is so sweet!
Joey: Yeah.
Mona: No, I mean it. There are so few genuinely nice guys out there.
Joey: Tell me about it, I feel like Im holding down the fort all by
myself.Mona: Its Joey right?Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Wait a minute! No! Im the nice one! Im the one who danced with
the kids all night! HowHow small are your feet?! (They all look down.)End
