Written by: Robert Carlock
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is looking around the shop as Phoebe returns from getting
some more coffee.]
Rachel: Phoebe?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Rachel: Look at that guy by the window, wow!
Phoebe: Hes awfully short and I think hes talking to himself. And to
be completely honest, hes not that good in bed.Rachel: Oh, what is wrong with me lately? I mean its like every guy I
seeI mean look here. (Points behind them) Look at that guy for example, I mean
normally thats not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the
way Im feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack.Phoebe: Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start
going crazy.
Rachel: Really?! So this has happened to you?
Phoebe: Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so
in, yknow, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.Rachel: Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store
sitting on Santas lap.Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander
Holyfield from a Foot Locker.
Rachel: Ah.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Rachel: Well, yknow what? I go see my doctor tomorrow, Ill ask her
about this. Maybe she can give me a pill or something.Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, thats what you need a goodpill.Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are there as Mona enters.]
Mona: Hey! (To Joey) Hey!
Ross: Hi!
Mona: Hi! Look! I got our pictures developed from Rockefeller Center.
Ross: Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona
ice skating?
Joey: Oh uh, ordinarily I would love too, but I am just swamped right now.
(Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around, but doesnt move from his
chair.)Ross: Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us
together?
Mona: Oh yeah, probably at the end. (Flips to the end.) Oh my God! He only took
pictures of my breasts!
Joey: Im missin picture time?! (Jumps over to look, Ross glares at
him and he retreats.)Phoebe: (sitting down next to Ross) Yknow she has a face Ross!Mona: Okay. Okay, heres a good one of us.Ross: Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card
yknow, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.Mona: Yknow, every year I say Im gonna send out holiday cards and I
never do it. Do you wanna, do you wanna send this one out together?Ross: (pause) Together? Like-like to people?
Mona: Yeah, yknow. Happy holidays from Mona and Ross. Itll be cute,
okay?Ross: Okay. (Not happy about it.)
Mona: Oh, I gotta get to work. So call me later?
Ross: Uh sure, sure.
Mona: Bye guys.
Phoebe: Bye.
(Mona exits.)
Joey: (To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
Ross: I know. Can you believe that?
Phoebe: Wait, Im-Im sorry. Whats the big deal about a holiday
card?Ross: Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have
been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
Joey: Hey-hey-hey, hey thats your wife youre talking about![Scene: Chandlers Office, his boss Doug is entering, Monica is there as well.]Doug: Bing! Ho! And the Bing-ette!
Chandler: Honey, you remember my boss Doug right?
Monica: Yes, hi.
Doug: Hi. So good news, the divorce is final. I signed the papers this A.M.
Chandler: I didnt know you and Carol were getting divorced, Im
sorry.Doug: Sorry? Finally chewed my leg out of that bear trap. Hey, congratulations
to you guys though!
Monica: No leg-chewing for us sir.
Doug: Oh well, give it time. So the divorce, the marriage, weve got a lot
to celebrate. How about we all go out to dinner tomorrow night?Monica: I cant think of anything were doing. (Quietly) Why
cant I think of anything were doing?Doug: Tomorrow night it is then, I should be out of court by six. They keep
throwing these sexual harassment cases at me and I keep knocking them out of the park!
Monica: Okay, Ill see you tomorrow! (Doug exits.) Just so you know,
were not seeing him tomorrow. (Chandler wonders why.) I-I cannot spend another
evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?Chandler: No.
Monica: Thats because he wasnt invited because of the way he behaved
at our engagement party.Chandler: Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture
doesnt it?[Scene: Ross's Apartment, theres a knock on the door and he opens it to Mona.]Mona: Hi!
Ross: Hey!
Mona: Hey, I went by the photo shop, take a look, here is a mockup of our card.
What do you think?
Ross: Huh. Wow, this is great.
Mona: Now, do you think it should say, "Love Ross and Mona?"
Ross: Well, we-we havent said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay
to say it to other people.Mona: How many did you want? Im getting a hundred.Ross: A hundred?! Well, I-I guess Ill take aMona, uhI-Im
not sure about the whole uh, card thing.Mona: Really? Why not?
Ross: Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just dont know if
were really quite there yet.Mona: Oh yknow, I didnt think of it that way. Youre right.
Youre right. So, can I ask you a question?Ross: Yeah.
Mona: Where are we?
Ross: Huh.
Mona: Yknow, like where are we? Where is this relationship going?Ross: HmmMona: I mean I love spending time with you, yknow I justI hope
were moving forward. I mean, we should probably talk about that. Dont you
think?(Pause.)
Ross: Lets do the card!Mona: What?
Ross: The card! I think were there!Mona: Okay. IBut I think we should still have this conversation.Ross: Really?! I mean, even with the card?
[Scene: Rachels Doctors Office, she is waiting for her doctor as a nurse
enters.]Nurse: Hi!
Rachel: Hi!
Nurse: Just so you know, Dr. Long cant be here today, she was called to
the hospital, so Dr. Schiff will be seeing you.Rachel: Oh, okay. Hey, can I ask you a question? Was it me, or-or was the guy
who took my blood sample really cute? Yknow who Im talking about, bald
haircut, hairy fingers (Stops when she realizes it was her.)Dr. Schiff: (entering) Hi Rachel? Im Dr. Schiff. (By the way, hes an
attractive man.)Rachel: Yes, you are.
Dr. Schiff: So, hows it going?Rachel: Oh, really, really good. But enough about me, come on! Where-where are
you from? What do you do?
Dr. Schiff: Im a doctor.Rachel: Right! Right! I-I actually meant in your spare time, do you cook? Do you
ski? Or do you just hang out with your wife or girlfriend?
Dr. Schiff: Uh, I dont have a wife or girlfriend, but I do like to ski.Rachel: Oh, I love to ski! How amazing is this?!
Dr. Schiff: So, are you experiencing any discomfort?
Rachel: No. Im very comfortable.Dr. Schiff: Any painful gas?
Rachel: No! Shoot, Dr. Schiff what kind of question is that?!
Dr. Schiff: Okay then, would you like to lie down on the table?
Rachel: Well would you like me to lie down on the table?
Dr. Schiff: Im sorry, is there something going on here?Rachel: Do you feel it too?
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are there as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Hi.
Phoebe: Oh hey! So, how did your doctors appointment go?Rachel: Well, lets see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the
middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple.Phoebe: Oh my God.
Monica: Why did you do that?
Phoebe: Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my
fourth month of
pregnancy?
Monica: Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you
practically came on to me.
Phoebe: You wish.
Monica: Hey, I couldve had you if I wanted you.Phoebe: Oh yeah? Come and get it.
Rachel: Okay, even this is turning me on!
Ross: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey hows it, hows it going with you and
Mona? Are you guys still together?Ross: Oh yeah, yeah were moving forward. Youll be getting our card!Monica: You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
Ross: Yeah, were not just doing a card! Yknow, she-she also wants to
have the conversation about where the relationship is going.Phoebe: Ugh! Women!
Ross: I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I
mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Rachel: Uh Ross? You asked me that.
Ross: Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? Im not a mind reader! Besides, I
hate those conversations. Im horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a
gesture. Yknow, something that says were moving forward without having to talk
about it.Monica: Like asking her to move in with you?
Ross: Smaller than that.
Monica: Making her a mixed tape?
Ross: Uh, bigger than that.
Phoebe: Give her a key to your apartment.
Ross: Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape.
Monica: All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love
you.
Ross: Yeah I-I dont-I dont think Im quite there yet, but I
could say I looove spending time with you.Phoebe: No, we hate that.
Monica: That is a slap in the face.
Ross: Forget it. I-IYknow what? Ill just have the
conversation. Ill just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best.
What do you think Rach?Rachel: I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples
through that sweater.
[Scene: Chandlers Office, Doug is entering.]Doug: Bing! Were all set for tonight, 8 oclock.Chandler: Oh uh, as it turns out, we cant do it. Monica has to work.Doug: Oh, my ex-wife didnt work, unless you call turning into her mother
work. Fine. Tomorrow night then.Chandler: Oh uh well tomorrows no good for her either.Doug: Oh? Why not?
Chandler: Its the semi-finalsof herbotchy ball tournament.Doug: Whats going on Bing? Does uh, your wife have a problem with me or
something?Chandler: Well now-now youre just talking crazy.Doug: So why cant the three of us go out together?Chandler: Because uhwe-wewe split up. Monica and I split up. Hold
me.Doug: Good God Bing Iwell I cant say Im altogether surprised,
I saw the way she looked at you, and there was no love there. And the way she looked at
me, pure lust.Chandler: Yknow what would really help me through this tough time is
choking something. Can I choke ya?Doug: Bing my boy, were gonna get you over this. Now heres the plan,
grab your coat, were going to a strip club.Chandler: Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. (Doug looks at him.) But to hell with
that bitch.
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is getting Mona some coffee.]
Ross: Here we go. Mona umm, I think its time we-we had a conversation
about-about where things are with us.Mona: Yeah, I-I think I suggested that.
Ross: Aw, we-we are so(Motions that theyre connected.) So umm, well
I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, yknow hanging out with you. And I mean-Im
having a lot of fun. (He pauses and thinks there might be more, but decides there
isnt.)Mona: Okay.
Ross: I mean, theres no point in spending time with someone if-if
its just fun. Its gotta be, its gotta be going somewhere right? So
where-where is it going? (Pause) Ah! Thats-thats the real question. And-and
the answer isis its going somewherefun. Now I-I know what youre
thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago yknow, but youre-youre
not getting any younger. No I meanNo not you, not you, youyou are
getting younger. I meanyou-you look like youre getting younger by the
secondWhats your secret?Mona: Im sorry, so umm, so where are we?Ross: Well, well to sum up, were having fun, you look young.Mona: OkayRoss: But thats not enough. So Soheres a key to my
apartment. (Hands her his key.)Mona: Really?!
Ross: Really.
Mona: You dont think this is too fast.(Ross groans no.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is telling Rachel and Monica about yet another mistake
hes made with a woman.]Rachel: You gave her a key to your apartment?!
Ross: Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a
very serious relationship.
Phoebe: (entering with some guy) Hey. Ooh Ross! Howd the conversation go?Ross: Oh great, I live on the street.
Phoebe: Where?! (Ross exits.)
Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger.
Roger: Hey everybody.
Monica: Hi Roger.
Phoebe: So umm, Im gonna get us some drinks. (To Rachel) Would you help me
out?Rachel: Yeah. (They go into the kitchen.)
Phoebe: Umm, hes here to have sex with you.Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Youre welcome.Rachel: Phoebe no!
Phoebe: Its okay, hes a virgin.Monica: Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think hell have
sex with you.Phoebe: Yeah, okay lets leave these two alone.Rachel: No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do
it with some random guy!
Phoebe: Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this!
(Phoebe exits.)
[Scene: A Strip Club, Doug and Chandler are there.]
Doug: Oh Bing, look at those twin sisters dancing together. Let me buy you a lap
dance with those girls. Huh?
Chandler: Oh thats all right sir, and thats just one girl.Doug: BingWhats this?! (Grabs his hand.)Chandler: Its a hand. Its a thing you use as a Jack and Coke
holder.Doug: No, its a wedding ring. You gotta get rid of it. Were gonna go
to the East River right now and throw it in there!Chandler: Oh no-no-no!
Doug: Oh yeah-yeah-yeah, yknow I did it and I felt a hell of a lot better
and if you whip it just right you might hit a seagull in the head.[Scene: Ross's Apartment, a locksmith has finished changing the locks on Rosss
door.]Ross: Okay, and oh Im gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give
them away for no reason at all.Mona: (entering) Hey Ross, whats going on? You changing the lock?Ross: No. That guy is.
Mona: I dont understand. You-you give me a key to your apartment and then
you change the lock.Locksmith: Good luck buddy. (Exits.)
Mona: Umm, I-I thought we were moving forward and now youre-youre
sending me all these mixed signals. What are you trying to tell me?Ross: Im trying to tell you I made you a mix tape.Mona: What?
Ross: I love you!
Mona: Ohh! (Hugs him.) And I love spending time with you. (Ross isnt
happy.)[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is eating dinner as Chandler enters.]
Chandler: Hi honey Im home.Monica: From the tequila factory?
Chandler: It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that
you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then
when I wouldnt give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird!Monica: Come here. I can breath through my mouth.
Chandler: Yknow what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would
be like without you. It was like Its a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please
promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each
other for the rest of our lives.Monica: I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday
card this year?
Chandler: Ooh, I dont know if were there yet.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is on the phone.]
Rachel: Yes. Hi, Id like to order a pizza. Okay, can I ask you a question?
Is-is the cute blond guy delivering tonight? Very Ambercrombie & Fitch. (Joey
enters.) Ill call you back.Joey: Who was that?
Rachel: Its just the pizza place.Joey: You hung up on the pizza place? I dont hang up on your friends.Rachel: Im sorry honey, Im just having a, having a rough day.Joey: Oh, whats wrong?Rachel: Oh you really, you really just dont want to hear about it.Joey: Then why did I ask?
Rachel: Okay, its justand this is really embarrassingbut
lately with this whole pregnancy thing Im just finding myselfhow do I put this
umm, erotically charged.Joey: Is that college talk for horny?
Rachel: Yeah. So yknow, I have all of these feelings and I dont know
what to do about them, because I cant date like a normal person, which is fine
because I dont need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night.
Just sex, yknow? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel
comfortable with and who knows what hes doing. For just one great night, I mean is
that really sohardto find. (Looks at Joey.) So how was your day?Joey: Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon.
Rachel: Well, I gotta get up early and its almost seven oclock.Joey: Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too.
Rachel: Okay, good night!
Joey: Good night. (They both enter their rooms.)
(Pause.)
Joey: (entering) I cant do it!Rachel: (entering) I didnt ask you to do it!Joey: Youre Rachel!Rachel: Youre Joey!Joey: Youre my friend!Rachel: Right back at ya!
Joey: But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
Rachel: And so bad. I dont even know what youre talking about
because I didnt ask you to do anything!Joey: I know!
(Pause.)
Joey: Do you wanna do it?
Rachel: No!
Joey: All right, me neither! I was just testing you!
Rachel: Thats the end of this conversation!Joey: This conversation never happened!
Rachel: Never happened! Good night!
Joey: Good night!
(They both go into their rooms and after a little while Rachel pokes her head into the
living room.)
Joey: Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is there as Phoebe enters.]
Phoebe: Hi. Listen, Im sorry about that whole thing with Roger. It really
wasnt right, and I, and I want to make it up to you, so umm, I brought you something
that I think youll really enjoy. (Goes into the hallway and returns carrying the
Evander Holyfield cutout.) Now, this is just a loan. Okay? Im gonna, Im gonna
want him back. So (Looks at him longingly) Im gonna go now. (Exits.) (Pause)
(Entering) Im sorry, I thought I could do it and I cant! (She grabs the cutout
and exits for good.)End
