Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
Directed by: David Schwimmer
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, and Chandler are sitting on the couch and chair as
Phoebe is getting coffee.]
Rachel: (coming from the bathroom) Hey Pheebs?
Phoebe: Huh?
Rachel: Im having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?Phoebe: Sure. Yeah, hes kinda sexy.Rachel: Oh no, no, Ill be there too.Phoebe: Okay so, well just come up with some kind of signal if its
going well you can take off.Rachel: No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I havent told him
Im pregnant yet.Phoebe: Oh. Why not?
Rachel: Cause I know hes gonna flip out and I hate it when hes
angry.Phoebe: Oh Rachel, this is all so Papa dont preach.Rachel: What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw
me doing that again hed make me eat the entire pack.Phoebe: Wow! Oh well, I will be there! 
Rachel: Thank you.
Phoebe: Gosh. Im not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. (They both
sit down by the rest of the gang and Phoebe recognizes a man by the window.) Oh. Hey! Who
is that guy? I think I know him.Monica: (recognizing him and panicking) No you dont!Rachel: (panicking) No you dont.Phoebe: Oh my God!!! Monica!! Hes the stripper from your bachelorette
party!!Chandler: Her what?!!
Phoebe: Your secret bachelorette partyChandler: You had a bachelorette party?!
Phoebe: She untied his G-string with her teeth. (Pause) Somebody stop me!
Chandler: I thought we werent gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties!
Yknow, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.Joey: Its a grand tradition!Monica: Im sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!Rachel: Well you couldve untied it with your hands.Joey: This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a
bachelor party, but no, I wasnt allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!Chandler: You went home with the waitress.
Joey: Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.
Chandler: I cant believe you didnt tell me! You know that the
two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!Monica: Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me
in the ass!
Opening Credits
[Scene: A Restaurant, Rachel and Phoebe are having dinner with Dr. Green, and everyone
is looking at the menu.]
Dr. Green: How about I order everyone the Moroccan chicken?
Phoebe: Oh, I-I dont eat meat.Dr. Green: Its chicken.Phoebe: Yeah, I dont eat that either.Dr. Green: Ill never understand you lesbians. (To Rachel) So baby, tell
mewhat is new with you.Rachel: Well actually ummWaiter: (interrupting) Your 74 Lafite sir.Dr. Green: 74?! I ordered the 75! Thats a magnificent wine!
The 74 is sewage! Why would you bring me sewage?! (The waiters dumbfounded) Is
that a hard question? Are you an idiot? Is that why youre a waiter?Waiter: This is why I told the manager I wouldnt wait on you tonight!
(Runs off.)Dr. Green: Oh come on! Dont be such a baby! (Goes after him)Rachel: (To Phoebe) In case you didnt notice, that is a scary man.Phoebe: Hes right though, the 74 is absolute piss.Rachel: This was such a huge mistake. I cant tell him Phoebe. I
cant, I cant, I cant, I cantPhoebe: Rachel!
Rachel: No its okay, this is whats gonna happen. Im gonna wait
a couple years and then the baby will tell him.Phoebe: Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
Rachel: Hey, that is thebabys problem. (Dr. Green returns.) Oh,
everything okay with the waiter?Dr. Green: I have no idea, I went to the bathroom. So sweetie, you were starting
to tell me what is uh, what is new with you.
Rachel: Well Umm, I got TiVo.Dr. Green: Whats TiVo?Phoebe: Its slang for pregnant.Rachel: Phoebe!
Dr. Green: Are you really pregnant?
Rachel: Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah.
Dr. Green: Who is the father? Oh no! Please dont tell me its her!
(Points at Phoebe.)Rachel: No, its Ross. Its Ross. You like Ross. (He just shakes his
head.) Oh daddy, I hope youre okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is
a good thing. Youre gonnaThis is your first grandchild! Youre gonna be a
poppy!Dr. Green: Thats true.Rachel: Yeah.
Dr. Green: (laughs) Poppy. (To Phoebe) Oh, Im gonna be a poppy. (Stops
laughing) So when is the wedding?Rachel: Who?
Dr. Green: The wedding! Theres going to be a wedding. Young lady,
dont you sit there and tell me my first grandchild is going to be a bastard! (Rachel
pauses) Rachel Karen Green, tell me there is gonna be a wedding!!Rachel: February 2nd!
(Dr. Green exhales in relief.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are reading a magazine and Ross is chatting
with Mona.]
Mona: So it was really cool seeing you lecture today.
Ross: Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a
little.
Mona: Oh no-no, I-I had my eyes closed so I could concentrate and yknow
take it all in.Ross: Yeah, a lot of my students do that.
Mona: So, I gotta get going.
Ross: Okay, I-Ill see you tonight.Mona: Yeah. 
Ross: Okay, bye. 
(They kiss and she starts to leave.)
Mona: Oh hey, thanks again for showing me your semi-precious stone collection.
It was amazing! (She leaves.)
Chandler: My God! You must be good in bed!
Joey: So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. Hows it going?Ross: Ah, its good. Its going good. I mean, we get along great.
Shes, shes soJoey: Hot?
Ross: Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!
Chandler: Shes okay with Rachel and the baby?Ross: Well II havent actually told her yet. I dont want to
scare her off, yknow?Chandler: Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that
youre going down the same path, but youre really going down different ones.Joey: Im gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.Monica: (entering) Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad
about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight youre gonna have a bachelor
party.Chandler: What?
Monica: Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to
come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
Chandler: Honey! Thats crazy! I dont want you to get me a
stripperJoey: Will you let the lady talk?!
Monica: Come on! Come on, itll be fun! Itll make me feel so much
better.Chandler: Look, I appreciate it, but uh, its a little creepy. Yknow?
Im not a bachelor anymore.Monica: So dont think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as aa
two month anniversary present.Ross: Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance! (Joey nods his
agreement.)
Monica: Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Chandler: All right fine! But Im only doing this for you!Joey: Yeah!
Chandler: And Joey.
Monica: Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
Chandler: Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
Ross: Uh actually, sorry I cant even make it. Im seeing Mona again
tonight.Chandler: I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor
party?
Joey: (on cell phone) Im sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby[Scene: The Restaurant, dinner has ended and Phoebe and Rachel are talking. Dr. Green
is not at the table.]
Phoebe: Im sorry I wont be able to make it to your imaginary
wedding, but Im really busy that day. Yeah, I already have a unicorn baptism
and a leprechaun bar mitzvah.Rachel: I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didnt want him to start
yelling at me like I was some 74 Latour.Phoebe: Its Lafite. The 74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.Rachel: All right here he comes. Im gonna do this, Im gonna tell
him, Im gonna be strong.Dr. Green: I just called a friend of mine.
Rachel: Yeah?
Dr. Green: I think I may be able to book The Plaza on short notice.
Rachel: Really?! The Plaza?!! Oh daddy!! (Hugs him and Phoebe glares at
her.) Right. Daddy, I need to talk to you. Please, sit down.
Dr. Green: What is it sweetie?
Rachel: Theres not gonna be a wedding. Ross and I are not getting married.Dr. Green: What?!
Rachel: Im sorry daddy.Dr. Green: I dont believe this!!Rachel: Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please.
Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is unacceptable
Rachel! And I wanna know why?!! Is it because that punk Ross wont marry you?!
Thats it! Is that it?!Rachel: Yes. Yes, he says Im damaged goods.[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandlers bachelor party has begun, what there is
of it, with only Joey (wearing a gold paper top hat) and Chandler (wearing what appears to
be a Burger King paper crown) enjoying a nice product placement of Budweisers
on ice.]Joey: So you uh, nervous about getting married?
Chandler: What are you doing?
Joey: Look, look lets pretend its a real bachelor party. Okay?
Yknow? Before your wedding. Come on, itll be fun.Chandler: Okay. I cant believe tomorrows the big day.Joey: How does it feel knowing youre never gonna be with another woman
again huh? Knowing youre gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you
finally have the sweet release of death.Chandler: Youre right, this is more fun.(Theres a knock on the door.)Joey: Thats her! Okay, come on! (They go over and open the door.)Stripper: Hi!
Chandler: Hi. (Joey blows on a noisemaker.)
Stripper: So which one of you lucky boys is Chandler?
Joey: Uh, that-thats-thats me!Chandler: Thats me.Joey: Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.
Stripper: So is that a bedroom? (Points to the guestroom.)
Chandler: Yeah, yeah right over there.
Stripper: All right, whenever youre ready. (She goes into the bedroom.)Chandler: That was weird.
Joey: Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
Stripper: Im waiting.(They both slowly enter the bedroom and quickly walk back out.)
Chandler: So shes aJoey: Yeah, thats one naked hooker![Scene: Ross's Apartment, Ross and Mona are sitting on the couch.]
Mona: I love your place! Where is this guy from? (A statue from the top of his
apothecary table.)
Ross: Uh thats an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.Mona: Oh wow! So, youre more than just dinosaurs.Ross: So much more.
(They start making out and she kicks the eighteenth century Indian artifact from
Calcutta off of his apothecary table from the days of yore and the magical city of White
Plains.)
Mona: Oh my God! Oh my God! Im so sorry!Ross: Aw forget it, its from Pier One. (Theres an angry knock
on the door.) Sorry. (Goes and opens the door to an irate Dr. Green.)Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and then not marry her?!
Im gonna kill you!!Ross: Yknow this is actually not a great time for me.Commercial Break
[Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.]
Dr. Green: So? Come on! Explain yourself Geller! First you get my Rachel
pregnant!
Mona: You got Rachel pregnant?!
Ross: Who did?!
Dr. Green: You did!
Ross: Yes. Yes, yes I did. (To Mona) But-but it was, it was just a one night
thing. It meant nothing.
Dr. Green: Oh? Really? Thats what my daughter means to you? Nothing?Ross: No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I careI-I love
Rachel.Mona: What?!
Ross: (to Mona) Oh but not that way. I meanI mean Im not in love
with her. I love her like a, like a friend.Dr. Green: Oh really? Thats how treat a friend? You get her in trouble and
then refuse to marry her?Ross: (to Dr. Green) Hey! I offered to marry her!
Mona: WhRoss: (To Mona) But I didnt want to.Dr. Green: Well why not? So you can spend your time with this tramp?!
Mona: Tramp?!
Ross: Im sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Joey are discussing what to do about the
now naked hooker in the guestroom.]
Chandler: I cant believe there is a naked hooker in there!Joey: Wait! Wait! Maybe shes a hooker and a stripper, but she got
confused about what shes supposed to do.Chandler: Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed
it. (Walks towards the bedroom.) Maam, are you also a stripper?Hooker: Uh, no. But I could pretend to strip, but thats gonna cost extra.
Okay, heres the extras, handcuffs, spanking (Chandler grunts for her not to
continue and Joey pulls him back into the kitchen.)Joey: Maybe Monicas playing a joke on ya. Yknow? Getting her own
husband a hooker, thats pretty funny.Chandler: That is funny, maybe for my birthday shell murder someone.Joey: I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
Hooker: Do you mind if I smoke in here?
Chandler: Oh actually, Id rather youYeah, go ahead. Were gonna
have to burn that room down anyway.[Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.]
Mona: How could you have kept all of this from me?
Ross: I was going to tell you, butDr. Green: But what?! You figured youd get what you wanted and then dump
her like you dumped Rachel!Ross: Hey! I did not dump Rachel! (To Mona) Nor are we still together. (The
phone rings and Ross goes to answer it, only hes trapped behind the apothecary table
by Dr. Green.) Can I just (Dr. Green glares at him.) Why dont we just let the
machine get that?Joey: (on machine) Hey Ross. Its Joey. Theres a hooker over here and
we thought maybe youd know something about it.Ross: No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-II need to, I need to lie down.[Scene: Monicas Restaurants Kitchen, shes cooking as one of her
waiters, Stu, comes over to talk to her.]Stu: So, tonights the night of the big bachelor party?Monica: Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girls number.Stu: No problem. So whos the party for?Monica: My husband.
Stu: You hired your husband a hooker?
Monica: Shes a stripper.Stu: No, shes a hooker.Monica: Is that, is that what they call strippers sometimes?
Stu: When theyre hookers.Monica: Oh my God Stu! I-I cant believe you did this! Now are you
absolutely sure shes a hooker?Stu: Either that or shes just the best, most expensive date I ever had.(Monica runs out.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey and Chandler are still deciding what to do about
the hooker.]
Joey: Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
Chandler: Why would she do that?
Joey: Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything
youre really bad at yknow, sexually?Chandler: This is the worst bachelor party ever!
Hooker: Whats taking you boys so long?Joey: In a minute!
Chandler: (To Joey) In a minute? Whats gonna happen in a minute?!Joey: All right, all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
Chandler: Why me?!
Joey: Hey! Its your bachelor party.Chandler: Which is why you should do it.
Joey: I dont want to. You do it!Chandler: You do it!
Joey: You do it!
Chandler: All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave!
(Joey smirks.) What?
Joey: I miss this.
Chandler: I dont think weve actually done this before!Joey: No, I-I miss hanging out with you.
Chandler: Well wewe still hang out.Joey: Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable.
Yknow now its likethings are different.Chandler: Well yknow, things are different. ImIm married
now.Joey: Oh sureAnd hey, dont get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys.
I justI misshanging outjust-just us, yknow?Chandler: Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on well make
time to hang out with each other.Joey: You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
Hooker: Oh God! Listen, I am this close to robbing you guys. (Does the close
sign.)
Monica: (entering quickly) Shes a hooker! Shes a hooker! Shes
a (Stops as she sees her.) Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone. (Goes and shakes the
hookers hand.)[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Phoebe are at the counter as Ross enters.]
Ross: So your dad dropped by. Hes a pleasant man!Rachel: (quietly) Oh noPhoebe: Id better go. (She goes and sits down in the La-Z-Boy E-cliner
3000, the chair that Sit magazine called chair of the year, and they both look at
her.) Just over here: I dont want to miss the fight.Rachel: Ross Im so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this
out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.Ross: I dont care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now
shes totally freaked out!Rachel: Oh okay, Ill fix that to. Whats her e-mail address?Ross: Rachel!
Rachel: All right, I promise. Ill fix this. I swear.
Ill-Ill-Ill-Ill talk to her.Ross: Okay!
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Thank you!
Phoebe: Thats it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a
break!" "No we werent!" What happened to you two?![Scene: Ross's Apartment, Ross is opening the door to Mona. Rachel is there as well.]
Ross: Thank you so much for coming back over.
Mona: Oh good, youre here. Yeah, and I was worried that it was going to be
uncomfortable.Rachel: I know Mona, just hear me out. First of all, Im so sorry about my
father yelling at you, but I heard you totally held your own. Youre gonna have to
tell me how you did that.Ross: Focus.
Rachel: Okay. UmButOkay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are
gonna have a baby. But we are definitely not getting back together.Mona: How can I be sure on that?
Rachel: Oh we justwe drove each other crazy!Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the
little things go!
Ross: Trying to date this woman.
Rachel: Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and
thoughtful he is. (Rubbing his shoulder.)
Ross: Probably shouldnt touch me.Mona: Yknow, I-I-I justI dont want to get in the middle of
something so complicated.Rachel: I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not complicated? I mean
we all have our baggage! You must too! Why else would you still be single? (Mona looks at
her.) I am so gonna leave right now. (Ross opens the door for her and she leaves.)
Ross: Should I leave this open for you too?
Mona: Im not sure yet. Why didnt you just tell me about all this?Ross: Because whats going on with Rachel has nothing to do with how I feel
about you.Mona: Yeah? Well you still shoulda told me.
Ross: I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it
from Rachels father. Look II made a mistake, but its only because I
really, really like you. Really!Mona: Okay, I guess you canclose the door now. (He does so and they kiss.)Rachel: (entering) Forgot my purse! (Sees them kissing.) Oh, you guys made up.
(To Mona) Hes a good kisser isnt he? (Ross goes to close the door on her.)
Im going! (Quickly leaves and Ross locks the door.)[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, the bachelor party has ended and Monica is trying to
explain herself to Chandler.]
Monica: I swear I didnt know she was a hooker! I mean whDid you let
her smoke in here?Chandler: Her ass print is still on your grandmothers quilt, do you really
want to talk about smoking?Monica: Yknow what? Im gonna make this up to you. I promised you a
stripper (turns on the radio), and youre gonna get a stripper. (She starts to
strip.)Chandler: Monica! Wait!
Monica: What?
Chandler: (puts on his crown) Carry on.
(She does so by taking off her jacket seductively, only she has trouble getting one
hand out and slams the jacket on the chair angrily to remove it.)
Monica: Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think Ill take them off.
(Goes to do so.)Chandler: Could you not narrate?
Monica: Gotcha sailor. (Kicks one of her shoes off and it lands in the kitchen
knocking something down, but she continues to strip.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is being yelled at by her dad over the phone, and
hes been going on for so long Rachel is holding the phone away from her ear and
reading a book.]Dr. Green: (on phone) just because youre not in love with the guy
you cantPhoebe: (entering, quietly) Wow, you told your dad the truth.
Rachel: About an hour ago.
Phoebe: Wanna go see a movie?
Rachel: Yes! (She gets up and sets the phone on the counter without hanging it
up.) Bye daddy. (Phoebe and her leave.)
Dr. Green: (on phone, not hearing her) theres gonna be a wedding!
(Joey enters from his room and goes to get a beer from the fridge.) Thats
unacceptable Rachel! What the hell does love have to do with it anyway?! There are more
important things in a marriage other than love! (Joey hears something and looks around for
the source.) constantly thinking about things! You have to think about the
consequences of your decision. (Joey finds that the sound is coming from the phone and
puts it to his ear.)Joey: (on phone) Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions!
(Listens) What gives you the right to (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and
opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.End
