Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer
Directed by: David Schwimmer
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are entering carrying groceries and
find Phoebe already there standing in front of a huge object that has been gift wrapped.]
Phoebe: Hey! I got you a present!!
Chandler: Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
Phoebe: I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got
here!
Chandler: Pheebs you didnt have to get us anything for our wedding you
already sangMonica: (interrupting) I love it! Its huge!! Lets open it! Open it!!
(Monica rips open the paper.)Phoebe: Its a Ms. Pac-Man machine!!Monica: Oh my God!
Phoebe: I didnt know where to put it so I just left it here for now.Monica: Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
Chandler: Oh, okay. 
Monica: All right. (He goes to push it and it doesnt move.)Chandler: I kinda like it here.
Phoebe: Do you really like it?
Monica: Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade!
This is likeOh my, this is like my second favorite game!Phoebe: Oh really? What was your first?
Monica: Well I-I really dont remember the name of it.Chandler: Well what did it do?
Monica: Well, you justyou put a quarter in and yknow pull-pull some
handles and win like a candy bar or something.Chandler: A vending machine?
Monica: Dont feel bad for me! I won like every time!Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Rachel are there as Ross enters.]
Ross: Hey! Oh, Im so glad you guys are here. Ive been dying to tell
someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.Joey: (To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
Ross: Professor Neuman, the head of the department, so.Rachel: They made you head of the department!
Ross: No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes! (Pause) Why didnt I
get head of the department? (Goes and gets some coffee.)Joey: Oh! Hey Rach, listen ummRachel: Yeah.
Joey: I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?
Rachel: Uh, Pauls Cafe. They got great food and its really
romantic.Joey: Ooh, great! Thanks!
Rachel: Yeah! Oh, and then afterwards you can take her to the Four Seasons
for drinks. Or you go downtown and listen to some jazz. Or dancingOh! Take her
dancing!Joey: You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, Ill tell yaRachel: Ooh, I miss dating. Gettin all dressed up and going to a fancy
restaurant. Im not gonna be able to do that for so long, and its so much fun!
I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not
fun.Joey: Hey, yknow what?Rachel: Huh?
Joey: Why dont I take you out?Rachel: What?! Joey, you dont want to go on a date with a pregnant lady.Joey: Yes I do! And were gonna go out, were gonna have a good time,
and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching
outRachel: (interrupting) Okay! Ill go with ya! Ill go! Ill go
with ya.Joey: Ill be fun.Rachel: All right?
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is watching Phoebe play Ms. Pac-Man.]
Phoebe: No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off
all of your top scores, how sad.
Monica: Okay, Im next. (Phoebe starts another game.) Dont!
Dont start another game! I said Im next! Phoebe!Phoebe: Oh, Im sorry. I didnt hear you over all the winning.Monica: Chandler! Phoebes hogging the game!Chandler: Who cares? Its a stupid game.Monica: You only think its stupid because you suck at it.Chandler: I dont suck. Its sucks. You suck.Phoebe: Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you,
then maybe I should just keep it.
Monica: No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why dont you
go home and wait for the thank you card?Chandler: Why do you want to play this game so bad?
Phoebe: Yeah! Its not like it spits out a Clark bar after every
game.Monica: Okay. Phoebe thats it. Come on, get outout of the chair. Get
out! (She goes to move Phoebe, but Phoebe goes limp and Monica cant move her.) Oh
comePhoebe![Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is getting ready for her date with Joey as there is a
knock on the door.]
Rachel: Joey? Could you get that? (There is no answer and she goes and opens the
door to Joey.) What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
Joey: No, Im picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her
some flowers.)Rachel: Ohh, Lilies. Joey, theyre my favorite. Thank you.Joey: And, a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well, half a
brownie. Actually, its just bag. Its been a long walk from the flower shop and
I was startin to feel faint soRachel: Oh man! This is so great! I actually feel like Im going on a real
date! Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and Im wearing underwear that
goes up to about(She snaps the waistband on her underwear that is just slightly
below her breasts)there.Joey: Hey come on now, this is a real date. Uh, sonice place you got here.
Foosball, huh? Pizza box. Oh, a subscription to Playboy, my kind of woman.Rachel: Yeah, actually thats my roommates.Joey: I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
Rachel: Ah yes, but hes very protective of me so youd better watch
yourself.Joey: Ah Hey, so this roommate of yoursis he good looking?Rachel: Hm-mmm.
Joey: Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?
Rachel: (laughs) Yeah, but Im pretty sure hes gay.Joey: No-no-no-no, hes not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come
on![Scene: N.Y.U, Ross is teaching a class.]
Ross: which brings us back, of course, to Greelys theory of dominance.
(The bell rings.) Okay, that-thats all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the
Freeman building is?Student: Yeah, its the new building on Avenue A.Ross: What?! That-thats all the way cross town, Im supposed to teach
a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.Student: Ooh, dude. Thats not gonna happen.(Ross grabs his things and runs to the door only to be blocked by his exiting
students.)
Ross: Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! Im the teacher!![Scene: The Freeman Building, Ross is entering his new class completely out of breath.]
Ross: Hello. (He throws his jacket towards the coat rack and misses.) Im
sorry Im a little late. Ah(Checks his watch)Whoa! A lot late. Let me
start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller. (The bell rings.) So to sum up,
Im Professor Geller. Good job today.[Scene: A Restaurant, a waitress is taking Joey and Rachels dinner order.]Rachel: Now the filet mignon, what comes with that?
Waitress: Theres a side of steamed vegetables.Rachel: Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute
the three-pound lobster?
Joey: Yknow what? Bring her both, and Ill have the same. (The
waitress leaves.)Rachel: Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good dateOh, I almost
forgot. I didnt pay you the rent check.Joey: Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? Were on a date.Rachel: Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do
you have any moves?
Joey: No! No. Umm, just myself and if they dont like me for(Laughs.)
Im sorry I couldnt even get through that.Rachel: I knew it! I knew it. Come on tell me your moves.
Joey: Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine
sent to my table from a fan.
Rachel: Oh my God. And that works?!
Joey: Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I
just want to have a normal life!"
Rachel: Oh, you poor little famous man.
Joey: Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night
to kiss you, but youre so beautifulI dont think I can.Rachel: (looks interested) Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned
in. I really almost did!
Joey: Alright, soso tell me one of your moves.Rachel: Alright. So whered you grow up?Joey: Thats your move? Boy Rach, youre lucky youre hot.Rachel: Come on, just answer the question!
Joey: (exasperated) Queens.
Rachel: And so were-were you close to your parents?
Joey: Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
Rachel: Why not?
Joey: I dont know. I guess theres just always been this distance
yknowI mean we both try to pretend its not there, but it is.Rachel: (sympathetic) Oh. (Starts rubbing his wrist with her fingers.) Its
gotta be rough.Joey: Yeah, it is. Its really tough. Yknow sometimes I
thinkWow!! Nice move!Rachel: Huh?
Joey: "Whered you grow up," its so simple!Rachel: Thank you! And now if youll excuse me, I have to go to the rest
room.Joey: Yeah.
(Rachel gets up and heads for the rest room.)
Rachel: And now youre watching me walk away.Joey: Yes I am! Again so simple!
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is entering to find Chandler playing Ms.
Pac-Man.]
Monica: Hey.
Chandler: You are not going to believe what I did today!
Monica: Well it clearly wasnt showering or shaving.Chandler: I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They
should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. (Pause) Although I-I hope they dont.Monica: Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man
while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
Chandler: Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the
board! High five! (Holds up his hand to give Monica a high five, only he cant
straighten his fingers.)Monica: What is the matter with your hand?
Chandler: Well Ive been playing it for like eight hours, itll loosen
up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, theyre dirty
words.Monica: Chandler, why would you do that?
Chandler: Because its awesome.Monica: You think this is clever?
Chandler: Well yknow, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it
is a bit of a challenge.Monica: Hey wait a minute, this one isnt dirty.Chandler: It is when you put it together with that one.
Monica: Ah, well if you dont clear this off, you wont be getting one
of those from me. But Bens coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this
cant be there.Chandler: Come on, he wont even know what they mean.Monica: Chandler! Hes seven; hes not stupid.Chandler: Have you talked to him lately?
Monica: All right, look Im just gonna unplug it.Chandler: No-no-no, if you unplug it, Ill have nothing to show for my day!
It would be like I was at work. (She unplugs it.) No! (And plugs it back in.) Hey look at
that! Look at that, its still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM
(Read Only Memory, its a memory chip.) Chip in it or something!Monica: Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
Chandler: With the claw?!
Monica: All right fine. Fine, Ill do it. Ive just got to get this
off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.Chandler: (smiles) Pull my finger(Looks at his hand)My hand is
messed up.[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are returning from their date.]
Rachel: I am not gonna answer that!
Joey: Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if
you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
Rachel: No one! They are my friends, I wouldnt punch any of them.Joey: Chandler?
Rachel: Yeah, but I dont know why. Look at me, Im having such a
wonderful time!Joey: Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
Rachel: I know!
Joey: I never laughed so hardDid you see the wine come out of my nose?Rachel: Joey, I think everyone saw the wine come out of your nose.
Joey: I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so
much.
Rachel: Well that is because you have never been on a date with me before.
Joey: Huh. Huh.
Rachel: All right, now dont judge me. I normally wait until my date
leaves, but you live here. Im ripping into this swan.Joey: Ah! Okay, well then you dont judge me. Im gonna suck on the
cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)Rachel: So tell me, what are Joey Tribbianis end of the night moves?Joey: Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips
look irresistible. 
Rachel: How do you do that?
Joey: Now you cant tell anyone, but uhI put on shiny lip balm.Rachel: Oh my God!
Joey: Yeah, like a moth to a flame, Im telling ya. Okay all right, so now
you go.Rachel: No, I dont want to tell you.Joey: Why not?
Rachel: Because its embarrassing.Joey: More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at
him.) I didnt say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just
tell me!Rachel: (laughs) Okay. All right, stand up. (They do so.) Well, when were
at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a
second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm." Okay, I know it doesnt sound
like anything, but I swear it works.Joey: (stunned and turned on) Yeah. WhyYeah, that would work for yaRachel: All right, I gotta go to bed. Honey, I had such a wonderful time.
Joey: Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then
starts to freak out.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is telling Rachel about his class location predicament.]
Rachel: you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!Ross: No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the
phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
Rachel: Well, why didnt you just take a cab?Ross: Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets
itll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I?
Rockefeller?Rachel: Well youre not gonna be able to keep doing this.Ross: Well I have to. Okay? If I dont, theyll take the class away
from me. AndI already put it in my family newsletter.Rachel: You what?
Ross: Youve seen it, the Geller Yeller.Rachel: Right. Wow!
Ross: Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, Im sure I can
make it this time. I justI just cant be afraid to get a little bithit by
cars. (He goes to the bathroom as Joey enters.)Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Hi! Hey, remember how last night we were talking about that movie Cujo?

Joey: Oh yeah, I still cant believe you havent seen Cujo.
What is wrong with you?Rachel: Relax! Its not like its Citizen Kane!Joey: Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
Rachel: Yeah I know its really boring, but its like a big deal.
Anyway, I was thinking about renting Cujo sometime.Joey: Oh yeah? All right, lets do it tonight.Rachel: Well dont you have that big date tonight?Joey: Oh right!
Rachel: Hey Joey, can I ask you something?
Joey: Yeah.
Rachel: After our date last night, did you feel a little weird?
Joey: Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
Rachel: I dont know! (Pause) Im-Im kinda thinking it-it was
the lobsterJoey: Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
Rachel: Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.
Joey: Yeah me too, all night.
Rachel: Really?! How come we didnt cross paths?Joey: Yeah well thats because uhI stayed in my room. Yeah, you
dont want to look in my hamper.[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is trying to erase Chandlers dirty words
while he looks on.]Monica: Okay, I got that. Ill escape over there. Ill come back over
here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. Its gotRight(She dies.)
Well, youre just a little bitch, arent you?Phoebe: (entering) Hey, you guys. Listen, Im sorry that I was hogging the
game before(Sees the top ten list)Oh my God! Your friends have some
unfortunate initials!Monica: Theyre all Chandler.Phoebe: Chandler sucks! He couldnt have gotten this good!Chandler: I did. (Looks at his still deformed hand) But it came at a price.
Monica: But Ben is coming over tonight and he cant see this.Chandler: Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. (They both
look at him.) Was it just me?!
[Scene: N.Y.U, Rosss new class, he is entering out of breath.]Ross: Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! Im on time! (Grabs a bottle of water from a
student, takes a drink, and splashes some on his face like the marathon runners do.) Okay,
why dont we all uh, (Exhales loudly) open our books to page 23. Where (Exhales
again) Where you will seea uha bunch of uhred spots. Okay, (Closes his
book.) umm, why dont, why dont you all start to read, while I(Passes out
and collapses.)[Scene: A Restaurant, Joey is on his hot date and theyre not speaking right now.]Joey's Date: Hey. Are you all right? You seem a little distracted.
Joey: No-no! Im fine. Its just Hey, can I ask you something?
Have you ever looked at someone that youve known for a while and then
suddenlysuddenly see them a different way?Joey's Date: You mean like from behind?
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, thatthats exactly it. Youre right. Yeah.Joey's Date: Ew, yknow what? One time I saw this guy from behind and he
seemed like a totally normal guy and then he turned around and it was Stephan Baldwin!Joey: (deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what Im talking
about.Joey's Date: Totally! Wow! (Pause) Would you excuse me for a sec?
Joey: Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches
her go.) Ehhh.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, now its Phoebes turn to erase Chandler from
the board.]Monica: Oh my God Phoebe, youre on fire!Phoebe: I know!
Chandler: One more score to go! You can do it! (Touches her shoulder.)
Phoebe: Dont touch me!!Monica: Dont touch her!!Chandler: All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
Phoebe: I cant!! I cant!! (She dies.) Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a
bitch!!!!!(At this point a stream of obscenities burst forth from Phoebes mouth just in
time for Ben and Ross to enter and hear most of it, and in slow motion Ross tries to
shield his innocent son from Phoebes vulgarity.)Ross: Phoebe!!
Phoebe: Oh hi BenNo!! Dont look at the machine! (Covers the screen.)[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is watching Cujo while Joey returns from his
date scaring Rachel.]
Rachel: Oh God! Thank God youre home! Im watching Cujo.Joey: (incredulous) Alone?!
Rachel: Yes! But what is wrong with this dog?!
Joey: Hey, did you get to the part where theyre trapped in the car and
Cujos throwin himself at the windshield?Rachel: No! No! Seriously, whats wrong with the dog?! Wait a minute, what
are you doing home so early? What happened to your date?Joey: Oh uh, it didnt work out.Rachel: Oh. Do you want to watch the rest of the movie with me?
Joey: Oh uh, okay. Yeah.
Rachel: Yknow, I never thought Id say this about a movie, but I
really hope this dog dies. (Joey brings over a stool at sits on it next to Rachel
whos in the big chair.) What are you doing over there? Come sit here, you protect
me.Joey: Oh sure, yeah, why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
Rachel: Okay. (Pushes play.) Okay, thats him! Thats him! Thats
Cujo! Thats Cujo!Joey: All right, I know! I know. Yeah, itll be okay.Rachel: Oh my God.Whats he gonna do now? I cant watch! (Drags
Joey closer to her and cowers into his chest.) Oh. Seriously, how can you watch this?
Arent you scared?Joey: Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: N.Y.U, Rosss new class, this time hes actually about to do a
lecture.]Ross: So is everybody here? I got here a little early myself. Let us begin. Now,
the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations. (He moves to the map and we
see why he made it to class on time, hes wearing in-line skates and hasnt
taken them off.) Here. (Points to the map, somewhere in the Middle East, then spins on the
skates and points to the map.) Here. (China.) Now as for the hydrosaurs(He tries to move in front of the class, only goes out of control and rolls into the
hall, catching himself on the doorway with his pointer. He then pulls himself back into
the room with the pointer, only he jams one end of it between the door frame and the door
and breaks the pointer in half.)
End
