Written by: Dana Klein Borkow
Directed by: David Schwimmer
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: The Hotel Lobby, Rachel and Phoebe are at the front desk checking out.]
Rachel: Listen yknow what sir? For the last time, I dont care what
the computer says, we did not take a bag of Mashuga nuts from the mini-bar and we did not
watch Dr. Do-Me-A-Little!Joey: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Oh! Joey uh, were you in our room last night?
Joey: No. (Phoebe grabs the receipt and shows it to Joey who gets mad.) I was
told the name of the movie would not appear on the bill!
(Chandler and Monica enter.)
Chandler: (to the front desk clerk) Hi! Were checking out of the bridal
suite.Monica: (depressed) Thats right. Im no longer a bride. Ill
never be a bride again. Now, Im just someones wife!Chandler: And Im the happiest guy in the world! (Monica goes and sits down
in a huff.) Oh honey, come on dont be upset. We still have so much to look forward
to!Monica: Oh yeah, right. (Rolls her eyes.)
Chandler: We got the honeymoon.
Monica: Thats not til Thursday.Chandler: The wedding pictures?
Monica: They wont be ready for weeks.Chandler: Not the disposable cameras from the tables.
Monica: Thats true! (Happily) I knew I married you for a reason!Chandler: Ill tell you what, I will go get them developed and you can go
home.Monica: Okay.
(Joey giggles.)
Chandler: What? What did you take a picture of?
Joey: Nothing! It was something.
Chandler: Okay Ross has the cameras, has he checked out yet?
Rachel: Are you joking? Check out is not til noon and he has a good
(checks her watch) eleven minutes left.Chandler: Oh.
Monica: Ross has never checked out of a room a minute before he had to.
Rachel: Yeah, one time, when we were dating, uh we got a late checkout, he got
so excited it was the best sex we ever had. Until yknow, he screamed out Radisson
at the end.Chandler: Okay, well Im gonna get Ross, get the cameras, and get them
developed. (Joey laughs again.) 32 Joe. Youre 32! (Exits)Front Desk Clerk: (To Monica) Heres a copy of your bill.Monica: Oh thanks. (Reading the bill) Champagne, strawberriesOh my God! I
cant believe Chandler ordered porn on our wedding night!Joey: Yeah, thats sad. Mashuga nut?Opening Credits
[Scene: Rosss Hotel Room, he is letting Chandler in.]Ross: Hi.
Chandler: Hey. (He sees that Ross is packing all of the hotel toiletries) Soaps?
Shampoos? Are you really taking all this stuff?
Ross: Why not? Its built into the price of the room.Chandler: Yeah but you dont need(Picks up something)What is
this?Ross: Thread!
Chandler: Score! Where are the disposable cameras?
Ross: What disposable cameras?
Chandler: The cameras? Remember last night I told you to take them?
Ross: No you didnt.Chandler: Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I
saidRoss: Oh-oh yeah, you-you came up to me and asked if I could do you a favor, and
my Uncle Murray came up to you and handed you a check. And then you said, "Why do
they call it a check? Why not a Yugoslavian?" (Chandler laughs.) Yeah, then you did
that.
Chandler: So you dont have the cameras?!Ross: No. Sorry man.
Chandler: So? What? What? Theyre gone! Monicas gonna freak!Ross: Well, Im sure theyre still somewhere here in the hotel.
Ill-Ill help you look for them.Chandler: Great.
Ross: In-in three minutes.
(Chandler goes into the bathroom, closes the door, and then opens it again right away.
Ross looks up and hands him the toilet paper Ross already packed.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe is entering to see Monica sitting in front of a
mound of wedding gifts.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you gonna open the presents without Chandler?
Monica: No! (Pause) But, theyre callin out to me! I mean this little
guy (Holds up a small one) even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldnt
mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?Phoebe: A little mirror that when you look into it you see yourself as an old
woman.
(Monica opens it anyways.)
Monica: A tiny salt shaker!!!
Phoebe: Ohhh! My God! For tiny salt!
Monica: Oh wow! Okay. Well that was fun.
Phoebe: Oh yeah.
Monica: Good. Okay, Im just gonna wait for Chandler to open the rest of
them.Phoebe: Okay.
Monica: Whew. Although yknow, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I
mean I guess yknow it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?Phoebe: Well I guess its okay to open one more if its part of a set.
Yknow, its probably this one. (Grabs another small one.)Monica: Or this one! (She grabs and starts to open the biggest present.)
Rachel: (entering) Hi.
Monica: Hey, how are you feelin? Any morning sickness?Rachel: Shh-shh-shh! The guys dont know yet do they?Monica: No! Joey and Ross dont know anything and Chandler still thinks
that Phoebes pregnant.Phoebe: Yeah thats right Chandler does still think Im pregnant. He
hasnt asked me how Im feeling or offered to carry my bags. Boy, I feel bad for
the woman who ends up with him. (Monica looks at her.) After you of course.Rachel: Dont worry I promise that you will only have to be pregnant for a
few more hours, cause Im going to tell the father today.Phoebe: Ooh, is it someone in this building? Is it that tall guy from the first
floor?
Rachel: Ew! No!
Phoebe: What?! I think hes cute.Rachel: Well then you have his baby.
Phoebe: Believe me Im trying.Monica: Wow. Yknow it is so weird. I mean, youre gonna tell this guy
today and he has no idea whats gonna happen.Phoebe: Yeah. Youre just gonna knock on his door and change his life
forever. Youre like Ed McMahon except without the big check, or the raw sexual
magnetism.Rachel: Yeah. Uh-huh, I guess it is pretty big news.
Phoebe: Pretty big? Its huge! God, this guy doesnt have a clue!
Hes just walking down the street thinking, I had sex with Rachel Green. I
rock! then bam! Hes a father and everythings different.Rachel: Well its only different if he wants it to be. I mean, Im not
gonna ask him for anything.Phoebe: Okay. Then he still has this huge decision to make. Now hes
walking around thinking, Do I want to be a dad? and then bam!Monica: What was that bam?
Phoebe: I dont. He gothe-he-he-hes hit by a bus.Joey: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Hey Joey, what would you do if someone that you slept with told you that
she was pregnant?
Joey: (warily) Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have
an accent? I gotta make a call! (Starts to leave) I shoulda never walked into that
Sunglass Hut!
Rachel: Oh Joey! Joey! No, its not you! You didnt get anybody
pregnant!Joey: Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? (Pause.)
Is somebody pregnant?
Phoebe: Oh yeah. Thats me.Joey: Oh my God Pheebs! Youre gonna have a baby?Phoebe: Yes. Yes I am. Oh my God, Im gonna have a baby! (Joey and Phoebe
hug.)Joey: Whoa, wait a minute. Whos the father?Phoebe: You dont know him. Its not important. He wants nothing to do
with me or the baby. (She sits down like shes pregnant.)Joey: Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? Cause I will track him down
and kick his ass!Phoebe: David Lynn.
Joey: David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!! (Exits)
Monica: Whos David Lynn?Phoebe: Oh some guy from my gym. A little annoying.
[Scene: The Banquet Room, Chandler is under one of the tables as Ross enters.]
Ross: Chandler?
Chandler: Hey! Did you find the cameras?
Ross: No. Did you?
Chandler: Yes! And thats why Im under the table. Celebrating.Ross: Well I checked in the uh, lost and found, I talked to the manager,
no-ones turned them.Chandler: Well this is great. Yknow, those cameras were the only thing
that was gonna cheer Monica up today, shes really depressed.Ross: Now you guys just got married, why is she so depressed?
Chandler: All my energy is going into not asking that question. I cant
believe I screwed this up!Ross: Im sorry man. (Formally dressed people start to enter.) Heres
a thought. This is the same ballroom. Theres a band. Theres gonna be plenty of
dressed up people.Chandler: Are you suggesting we dance our troubles away?
Ross: No-no-no, Im saying we-we buy more of this (disposable cameras) at
the gift shop, throw our tuxes back on, and take a few pictures. All we have to do is make
sure not to get anybody elses faces.Chandler: Are you serious?
Ross: Im just thinking about your new bride at home. Okay? Do-do you
really want to start your life together by letting her down?Chandler: Marriage advice? Really?!
Ross: Im telling you, this looks exactly like your wedding! Arent
these the same flowers?Chandler: I dont know, Monica picked out the flowers.Ross: What about the chairs?
Chandler: She picked those out too.
Ross: How about the place settings?
Chandler: That was her.
Ross: What did you do?
Chandler: I was in charge of the cameras! Gift shop?
Ross: Hmm. (They head off to the gift shop.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is sitting on the couch as Phoebe enters.]
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, did you do it yet?
Rachel: Not yet.
Phoebe: Oh, well what are you doing here? Are you about to do it? (Gasps) Is it
Gunther?
Rachel: No! Phoebe, its not Gunther.Phoebe: Thank God, cause that hair on a babyRachel: Phoebe the father is not here okay? I havent told him yet and I
dont think I can tell him at all now!Phoebe: Why not?
Rachel: I dont know, let me think. I was walking down the street thinking,
Im gonna tell the father today and then bam!Phoebe: Bus?
Rachel: No, you! Phoebe you freaked me out. You kept saying how huge this all
is!
Phoebe: Well-well but it is huge.
Rachel: I know, but I was just thinking about how huge this is for me. I
didnt even go to how huge this was going to be for the father.Phoebe: Youre thinking about this way too much. Just tell him and get it
over with. Its like, its like ripping off this Band-Aid. (On her arm) Quick
and painless, watch. (Rips it off.) Oh mother ofSee?[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Obsessive Monica has now opened more of the wedding
gifts.]
Joey: (entering) Ooh-ooh-ooh! Are we opening presents?
Monica: No! No! I shouldnt have even opened these! I mean IJoey I am
out of control!! Joey, you have to do me a favor. No matter what I say, no matter what I
do, please do not let me open another present! Okay?Joey: Okay.
Monica: Give me one more.
Joey: Okay. (Hands her one.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Joey: Oh good, uh youre here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got
something I want to say.Phoebe: All right. (She sits down like shes pregnant again.)Joey: Umm, now uh Its a scary world out there, especially for a
single mom. Yknow, now I always thought you and I had a special bond so (He
goes to one knee and pulls out a ring.) Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?Monica: Oh my God! Joey!
Phoebe: Hell yeah! Ill marry you! (She grabs the ring and puts it on.)Monica: You cant marry him!Phoebe: Hey lady, your days over! Its my turn!Monica: Phoebe!
Joey: Why?! Why cant she marry me?!Phoebe: I can and I will! (Kisses him.)
Monica: Shes not pregnant. Its Rachel. Rachels the one
whos pregnant.Joey: Oh my God.
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: Phoebe I think he would notice if you didnt have a baby in nine
months!Phoebe: Its Joey! (Joey turns and looks at her and she mouths I love
you to him.)Joey: (smiles then stops) Now I cant believe it! What? Rachels
pregnant? (The girls nod yes.) Whos the father?Phoebe: We dont know.Joey: Ohh I wonder if that dude.Monica: Theres a dude?Joey: Yeah.
Phoebe: Who? Who is it?
Joey: About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel, I didnt see
who it was but (He walks out and closes the door.)Phoebe: Was that story over? 
(They follow him and meet him in the hall coming out of his apartment carrying a
sweater.)
Joey: The guy left this.
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God! I know who the father is (She walks into Monica
and Chandlers.)Monica: People have got to finish their stories!
Commercial Break
[Scene: The Banquet Room, Ross and Chandler are in their tuxes and have started to fake
the pictures.]
Chandler: (to another couple) Uh, excuse me? Could you take a picture of us?
Woman At The Wedding: Oh! Of course. (Ross and Chandler pose and she takes the
picture.)
Man At The Wedding: Uh, would you take one of us?
Chandler: Uhh Yeah sure. (Holds the camera up to his face.) Click!Woman At The Wedding: It didnt click.Ross: I heard it. I heard it.
Man At The Wedding: But there was no flash.
Woman At The Wedding: Why wont you take our picture?Chandler: Oh yeah. Ill take, Ill take your picture. (He takes the
picture with his finger over the lens.)Man At The Wedding: Uh, your finger was covering the lens.
Chandler: Who are you? Ansel Adams?! Get outta here!
[Scene: Outside Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are about to go inside.]
Phoebe: Look, I feel really bad about how I freaked you out before, so I called
the father and asked him to meet you here so you can tell him. Go!
Rachel: What? Hey wait a minute! Phoebe, how do you even know who the father is?
Phoebe: I may play the fool at times, but Im a little more than a pretty
blond girl with an ass that wont quit. (She takes the sweater out of her purse.) I
believe this belongs to the father of your baby.Rachel: Oh God Oh, hes in there right now?Phoebe: Uh-huh. Now you can turn around or you can go in there and rip the
Band-Aid off. What to you want to do?
Rachel: Uh, lets rip!Phoebe: Really? Are you sure?
Rachel: Oh Phoebe!
Phoebe: Okay, sorry. Yeah. (They go inside to confront the father.)
Tag: Hey Rach.
[Scene: The Banquet Room, Ross is taking a picture of a plant, Chandler a fork. The
band stops.]
Chandler: Why dont you go up on stage. Ill get a picture of you
doing the speech.Ross: Okay. Okay! 
(He goes up on stage, mimes like he's giving the speech, and Chandler takes his
picture. However, before he gets down everyone starts clinking their glasses for a real
speech.)
Ross: Will the owner of a 1995 Buick LeSabre please see the front desk? Your car
is about to be towed.
Anxious Wedding Guest: (rushing up) Thats my car!Ross: A 95 LeSabre?!Anxious Wedding Guest: Yes!
Ross: A green LeSabre?
Anxious Wedding Guest: Yes!
Ross: Im sorry, I meant a blue LeSabre.Anxious Wedding Guest: Yes! Green-blue!
Ross: Well go! Go move it! (He runs off.)
Chandler: Okay, you ready for the last picture?
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Get ready to run. (Chandler walks over to the new bride.)
Congratulations on your wedding. (He grabs her, kisses her, Ross takes the picture, and
they both run out.)
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]
Tag: So, whats this about?Phoebe: Rachel has something that she wants to tell you and umm, I believe that
this is your red sweater.
Tag: No. (Unzips his coat.) This is my red sweater.
Phoebe: Oh no. Could I get anyone a coffee orpoison? No? Just for me?
Okay. (Walks away.)Tag: Whats going on Rach?Rachel: Nothing! Phoebe kinda made a mistake. But yknow you do wear that
sweater a lot, are you involved in some kind of dare?Tag: Yknow, Im actually glad Phoebe called. (He pulls out a stool
and Rachel sits down.) I know we broke up because you thought I wasnt mature enough,
but Ive really grown up and think we should get back together.Rachel: Oh, its just not the right time.Tag: It is the right time. (Takes her hand.)
Rachel: Okay.
Tag: Im ready for more.Rachel: TagTag: Come on Rach, lets give it another try.Rachel: Im having a baby.Tag: Oh. (He drops her hand.)
(Pause)
Rachel: You can go.
Tag: Thank you. (Gets up and hurries out.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Obsessive Monica has finished opening all the presents.
Shes ashamed of this, at least, because as someone enters]Monica: (throwing up the last present) I dont know how any of these got
opened?!Joey: (entering) You opened them all?
Monica: I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going
to trust me with anything ever again!
Joey: Oh hey! You got my parents gift! (Holds it up.)Monica: Yeah. What is that?
Joey: Well, I dont know. I think it does something to salami.(Phoebe and Rachel enter.)
Monica: Hey! Howd it go?Joey: Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
Rachel: Tag is not the father! And Joey knows now?
Joey: I do Rach. I do, and I so happy for you. (They hug.)
Rachel: Oh wow, you didnt even try to unhook my bra!Monica: So are you ever gonna tell whoever it is?
Rachel: No, I will. Im just not up for it tonight.Joey: Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know
youre not gonna be alone in this.Rachel: Im not?Joey: Listen I uh (He takes her hand.) Its a scary world out there
especially if youre a single mom. Yknow, I always felt like you and I have
this-this special bond. Yknow? So, (gets down on one knee again) Rachel Green will
you marry me?Rachel: What?
Monica: What?!
Phoebe: What?!!
Joey: Pheebs, give me the ring back!
Phoebe: No!!
Rachel: No! Joey, oh youre so sweet. Youre so-so sweet, honey. But
Im not, Im not looking for a husband.Joey: (heartbroken) I understand.
Rachel: Now, if you will excuse me I am going to go and lie down. (Exits.)
Phoebe: I cant say that didnt hurt. But Ill take you back Joey
Tribbiani.Joey: Uh yeah. Pheebs, listen about that. I only offeredPhoebe: Ooh! A Salami Buddy!
Joey: There you go!
(Chandler and Ross enter with the new pictures.)
Chandler: Were back!Monica: Great! Were hangin in the kitchen! (She drags him into the
kitchen and turns his back to the living room) Lets stay in the kitchen!Chandler: Its picture time.Ross: Now you are going to love these.
Chandler: (showing her the pictures) Heres a picture of Ross. (Shows
another one.) And thats me. (Another one.) And thats me and Ross.
(Another one.) Oh-ho, that is a picture of our first kiss as a married couple.Monica: Wow! That is a great picture!
Chandler: Eh?
Monica: Yeah! Oh and interesting because I found the cameras in one of our bags!
(Throws them into his chest.)
Ross: Huh, didnt see that coming.Chandler: Okay, so this isnt a picture of our first, but it is a picture
of my first kiss withwith this lady. Which by the look on your face Im sure
youll remember. So we dont need(Rips the picture)Theres no
need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right
now.Monica: That would be a good idea.
Chandler: Okay. (Sees the living room.) You opened all the presents without me?!
I thought we were supposed to do that together!
Monica: You kissed another woman!
Chandler: Call it even?!
Monica: Okay! (They high-five and he walks out.)
Ross: Well, Im gonna go get these (the floral bouquet he walked in with)
in some water.Phoebe: Wait you stole those from these peoples wedding?Ross: No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby. Yeah, they think they can charge
me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming. (Starts
to leave.) Hey! My sweater! Ive been looking for this for like a month!(He exits leaving a stunned Phoebe and Monica.)
Monica and Phoebe: Oh my God!!
Joey: (slow on the uptake) Oh my God!
Closing Credits
[Scene: A Street, Ross walks past Tag wearing the same red sweater.]
Ross: Hey! How you doing?
Tag: Good! Good, long time no see.
Ross: Yeah.
Tag: Like your sweater.
Ross: Oh hey, right back at ya.
Tag: Oh, its crazy about Rachel huh?Ross: Yeah. SheWell, shes one crazy lady?Tag: So whose is it?
Ross: (shows Tag his sweater tag) Umm, I dont some Italian guy. Come on,
read your own label. See you later.Tag: Okay.
(They separate.)
Ross: He is so weird.
End
