Chandler: (excited) Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what

Joey: Uh, ah, Monica's pregnant?!

Monica: (shocked) Really? (She looks around, suddenly embarrassed) 
  Let's get past the moment.

Phoebe: What's your news?

Chandler: Thank you. I got a job in advertising. (Everybody cheers)

Monica: (hugging Chandler) Oh, honey, that's incredible!

Phoebe: (inquisitive) Gosh, what's the pay like? (Everybody 
  stares at her indignantly) Oh, come on people (defending) come 
  on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! 
  (She looks at Joey) Hey Joey! (Joey winks at her)

Chandler: Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship.

Joey: Oh, that's cool. We have interns at 'Days Of Our Lives'. 

Chandler: Right. So, it'll be the same except less sex with you. 
  (Joey nods)

Ross: So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there?

Chandler: Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the 
  people they like.

Phoebe: (enthusiastic) That's great.

Chandler: Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which 
  will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating 
  

  (At the same time, Gunther puts down a cup of coffee in front of Chandler)

Chandler: (grinning awkwardly) Humiliating and noble!

  (Gunther shoots a nasty look at him while leaving)

Ross: You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have 
  been really good in advertising.

Monica: Ross, you did not come up with "got milk?"

Ross: Yes, I did, I did! (He turns to Joey, disappointed) 
  I should have written it down![Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica sits at the table 
  reading the mail]

Monica: Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but 
  you have no problem ordering porn on a Saturday afternoon?! (shocked) 
  I was in the house! 

Ross: (entering) Hey, uhm, Phoebe didn't by any chance mention 
  that

Monica:  that she was the huge guy that mugged you? Yah. 

Ross: I see. You didn't happen to tell

Monica:  everybody we know? Yeah.

Ross: Great. Thanks! (He leaves)