Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen PlummerTranscribed by: Eric Aasen
[Scene: Rachels Room, Joey moves Rosss coat to get the tissues Rachel wants 
and the engagement ring box Mrs. Geller gave him falls out of the pocket it was 
inside. Joey goes to one knee, picks up the box, opens it, and sees that its an 
engagement ring.]Rachel: Joey.
(He turns to face Rachel on one knee with the box open.)
Rachel: (seeing the ring) Oh my God. (Pause) Okay.
(Joey is stunned.)
[Cut to Ross getting of an elevator carrying a bouquet of flowers and walking 
down the hall to Rachels room.][Cut back into Rachels room.]Rachel: So uhI guess we shouldmake it official huh?Joey: Uh Look Rach(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! Its my 
good friend Ross. Hey Ross.Ross: Hey Joey. (To Rachel) Hey you.
Rachel: Hey you.
Joey: Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but Im really 
more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)Ross: Youre weird today. (He turns to Rachel and Joey puts the ring 
back.) (To Rachel) Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.Rachel: Uh yeah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Ross: Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?
Joey: No.
Ross: What?
Joey: Oh, Im sorry. I meant no.Monica: (entering with everyone else including Mr. Geller) Hi! Hey 
look whos here!Mr. Geller: Wheres my granddaughter? Ive been practicing my magic 
tricks.Chandler: He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
Ross: Hey, wheres uh, wheres mom?Mr. Geller: She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.
Monica: Oh, Aunt Liddys coming? That means we get five dollars 
each!Mr. Geller: So when do I get to meet Emma and show her this? (Pulls a 
bouquet of flowers out of his sleeve.)
Chandler: Okay. Wow.
Ross: Uh Dad, Emmas in the nursery. Ill take you now. If you want, 
but (To Rachel) I really want to talk to you.Rachel: I know, I still need to talk to you.
Joey: Oh hey but, before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk 
to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
Phoebe: (To Monica) Oh and I need to talk to you.
Monica: About what?
Phoebe: To see if know what these guys are talking about.
Opening Credits
[Scene: Outside the Nursery, everyone but Rachel is standing and looking into 
the window.]
Monica: Isnt she beautiful?Mr. Geller: Look at her, my first grandchild.
Ross: What about Ben?
Mr. Geller: Well of course Ben, I meant my first granddaughter. (To 
Monica, mouths) Wow.
Phoebe: (taking Ross aside) Have umm, have you thought anymore about 
you and Rachel?
Ross: Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys 
all came in the room.
Phoebe: Yay! Its so exciting! Wow, you couldve done that with us 
there.Ross: Yeah right.
Phoebe: Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you 
cant talk to Rachel.Ross: What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Phoebe: Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! 
That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. 
That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Joey: (taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a 
second?
Chandler: Sure.
Joey: Dude I just did something terrible.
Chandler: That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
Joey: No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry 
me!
Chandler: What?! Why does she think that?
Joey: Because it kinda looked like I did.
Chandler: Again, what?!
Joey: Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my handChandler: As we all are at some point during the day.
Joey: It wasnt my ring! It fell out of Rosss jacket! And when I 
knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!Chandler: Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
Joey: I guess.
Chandler: And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how 
much he loves to propose!
Joey: I know! I know its awful.Chandler: Well, what did she say?
Joey: (happily) She said yes.
Chandler: Does Ross know?
Joey: Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
Chandler: Well maybe you dont have to tell him anything.Joey: Oh, I like that. YeahChandler: If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to 
find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your 
ass!
Joey: (laughs) Now lets not get carried away. (He walks away as 
Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)Monica: I want a baby.
Chandler: Honey, weve been over this. I need to be facing the other 
way.Monica: Come on! Come on, if we have sex again itll double our 
chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closets still available?Chandler: Im so tired. (She starts kissing him.) Yeah okay, but no 
foreplay.Monica: Deal!
[Back in front of the nursery window.]
Ross: Dad seriously! Yknow you really should see someone about 
that!Mr. Geller: Noted.
Ross: I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay 
alone for a bit?
Mr. Geller: Are you kidding me, I could stay and look at her 
forever.
Ross: (noticing something) Actually umm (He turns Mr. Gellers head 
to look at Emma.)[Scene: Rachels Room, Phoebe is entering.]Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hi.
Phoebe: Are you all right?
Rachel: Uhh I think I just got engaged.Phoebe: Oh my God! He did it?
Rachel: Welldid you know he was gonna ask me?Phoebe: Are you kidding? Im like the one who talked him into it. I 
like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.Rachel: And you really think this is a good idea?
Phoebe: I just talked him into it, dont tell me I have to do you too. 
The puppet master gets tired people.Rachel: I just dont know! It just doesnt feel right.Phoebe: Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks 
so.
Rachel: Really?! Even Ross?
Phoebe: Especially Ross!
Joey: (entering) Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh yknow what? Ill-Ill come 
back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross whos entering.)Ross: Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. Ill guess justIll 
come back. (Ross exits followed by Joey.)Phoebe: There he goes, your fiancée. 
Rachel: I guess so.
Phoebe: Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
Rachel: I cant say that Im surprised.[Scene: A hallway, Joey and Ross find Mr. Geller with his ear up against a 
janitors closet door.]Ross: Dad, what are you doing?
Mr. Geller: I think there are people in there having sex.
(Ross turns to look at Joey.)
Joey: It cant be me, Im standing right here.Mr. Geller: Wanna peek?
Ross: No!
Mr. Geller: Come on!
Ross: Yknow what? I dont like you without mom. (To Joey) Come on. 
(Walks away.)Joey: (To Ross) Were not peeking? (Follows him.)Mr. Geller: Well Im peeking. (He peeks.) Oh my God!Chandler: Hello sir, you know Monica.
[Scene: Rachels Room, she is taking the ring out of Rosss jacket, looks at 
it, and puts it on her finger as Joey enters.]Joey: Hey uh, is it okay to come in?
Rachel: Of course! Oh Joey, this ring Iits beautiful I love it!Joey: Yeah uh look Rach, theres something I gotta tell ya.(Theres a knock on the door and a nurse enters carrying Emma.)Rachel: Hey!
Nurse: Hey! Are you ready to try nursing again?
Rachel: Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she wont take my 
breast?Nurse: Its all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, 
but dont worry. Itll happen.Joey: (watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
Rachel: Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your 
mouth.
Joey: Dear Lord.
Rachel: Im sorry honey, what were you saying?Joey: Oh uh-uh yeah, I think thatRachel: Oh look, shes pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are 
too big for her mouth? (Joey gets embarrassed.) She looks scared. Doesnt she 
look scared?Joey: Yknow, I dont really know her.Nurse: Why dont we try massaging the breast to stimulate the flow. 
(Does so.)Joey: (To God) Are you kidding me?!
Rachel: Its just so frustrating! Why doesnt she want my breast?!Joey: I dont know! Maybe shes crazy! (Storms out.)[Scene: The Lobby, Ross is eating a sandwich as Phoebe rushes up to him.]
Phoebe: Oh hey! Wait up!
Ross: Hi!
Phoebe: Congratulations! I didnt want to say anything in front of 
Joey cause I didnt know if he knew yet.Ross: What, that we had a baby? Come on lets give him a little 
credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.Phoebe: No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Ross: What?
Phoebe: Oh, its a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We havent done the secret 
thing in a long time.Ross: Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didnt propose.Phoebe: Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us 
that you were a doctor?
Ross: (pause) I am a doctor! Yknow what? Im just gonna go and 
talk to Rachel myself.Phoebe: All right, me too. (They go into her room and see that shes 
sleeping.) Should we wake her up?Ross: No! No, come on let her sleep! Shes so exhausted.Phoebe: And so engaged. (Points to the ring that Rachel is 
wearing.)
Ross: What? (Motions for Phoebe to go outside with him.) Oh my God! 
She-she thinks were engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think were engaged?!Phoebe: Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Yknow Ross 
doctors are supposed to be smart.Ross: I didnt give her that ring!Phoebe: Really?
Ross: No!
Phoebe: So whose ring is it?
Ross: Its mine.Phoebe: Is it an engagement ring?
Ross: Yes!
Phoebe: But you didnt give it to her?Ross: No!
Phoebe: But you were going to propose?
Ross: No!!
Phoebe: Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
Ross: Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to 
propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybekindawanted 
ahstartthings up again.Phoebe: Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.
Ross: Look, I didnt want to rush into anything. And it seemed like 
she didnt want to either. But I dont, I dont understand how any of this 
happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to 
propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?Phoebe: No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
Ross: Well I didnt! I didnt propose! (Pause) Unless uh (Pause) Did 
I? I havent slept in forty hours andit does sound like something I would 
do.Commercial Break
[Scene: The Janitors Closet, Chandler and Monica are trying to figure out 
what to do now.]Chandler: Look, we cant stay in here forever.Monica: Oh, I still cant believe my dad saw us having sex! He didnt 
make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!Chandler: This is okay. Were all adults here; theres nothing to be 
ashamed of. Now, lets put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. 
(They do so and find Mr. Geller leaning against a wall stunned.)Monica: Hi Dad! I can still call you that right?
Mr. Geller: Of course. Ill always be your dad.Chandler: I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, 
that wasnt for fun.Monica: It wasnt fun?!Chandler: (To Monica) Why? Why-why-would youWh-why (To Mr. Geller) 
Look, I just dont want you to think that were animals who do it whenever we 
want.Mr. Geller: Oh, I dont think that. Before today I never thought of 
you two having sex at all. It was a simpler time.Monica: The truth is, Dad, were-were trying.Mr. Geller: What?
Monica: Yeah, were trying to get pregnant.Mr. Geller: Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in there! 
(Points to the closet) Ill guard the door!Monica: Well, thats okay dad, we-we can wait until later.Mr. Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa! I dont think so! Arent you 
ovulating?Monica: Daddy?!
Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I 
were trying to conceive you, whenever she was ovulating, bam, we did it. Thats 
how I got my bad hip.Chandler: Thats funny, this conversations how I got the bullet hole 
in my head.Mr. Geller: This one time I had my knee up on the sink and your 
mother, she wasMonica: Daddy! I dont think we need to hear about the specific 
positions you and mom had sex.Mr. Geller: Youre right, youre right. This is about your positions. 
Now, what I saw in the closet is not the optimum position for conceiving a 
child, although it might feel good.Monica: I dont feel good right now.Mr. Geller: But pleasure is important, (To Chandler) and it helps if 
the woman has an orgasm. You up to the task sailor?
Chandler: Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
[Scene: Rachels Room, Monica is entering.]Monica: Hey.
Rachel: Hey. I need to tell you something.
Monica: Well, nows a good time. Im on my way to have my ears cut 
off.Rachel: Joey asked me marry him.
Monica: What?
Rachel: Joey proposed to me.
Monica: Is he crazy?! You just had Rosss baby!Rachel: Well, I-I said yes.
Monica: What?! Are you crazy? You just had Rosss baby! Its-its so 
inappropriate. No, its worse than that. Its wrong. Its It is bigger than 
mine! (Rachels engagement ring.)Rachel: I know. Days of Our Lives, thank you very much.
Monica: You cant marry him!Rachel: Why not? I dont want to do this alone! And hes such a sweet 
guy and he loves me so much.Monica: Well do you love him?
Rachel: Sure.
Monica: Sure?
Rachel: Yeah, I mean whatever.
Monica: Honey, the question isdo you really want to marry Joey?Rachel: No. No, I dont. Could you be a dear and go tell him?[Scene: A Hallway, Chandler is following Joey.]
Chandler: You still havent told Rachel you werent really 
proposing?Joey: No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she 
took her breast out.
Chandler: Joey, you have to tell her whats going on! And what did it 
look like?!Joey: I didnt look at it. Stupid babys head was blocking most of 
it.Chandler: Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
Joey: Look, its not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I 
dont want to hurt her.Chandler: Okay, look, just do it gently.
Joey: Youre right. Youre right. I-Ill go tell her now before Ross 
finds out and Ill be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the 
way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were 
in) if you want to check that out.[Scene: Rachels Room, Ross is entering.]Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: Listen, I um I heard about the engagement.Rachel: Surprised?
Ross: And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I umI didnt propose to you.Rachel: I know.
Ross: I dont think you do.Rachel: You didnt propose to me. Joey did.Ross: Poor baby, youre so tired. Rach, I didnt propose to you, Joey 
didnt propose to you, and Chandler didnt propose to you.Rachel: Uh You didnt propose to me, Chandler didnt propose to me, 
but Joey did.(Joey enters.)
Ross: Joey proposed to you?
Joey: I can come back.
Ross: Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
Joey: No.
Rachel: Yes you did!
Joey: Actually, technically, I didnt.Rachel: Well then why did you give me a ring?
Ross: Wait! Whoa-whoa, youyou gave her the ring?Joey: No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
Rachel: Yes, you did!
Joey: No, I didnt!Rachel: Yes, you did!
Joey: No, I didnt!Rachel: Yes, you did! And dont you say, "No, I didnt!"Joey: Ahhh!
Rachel: He was right there. He got down on one knee and proposed.
Ross: Whoa! You were down on one knee?
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didntI didnt propose!Ross: Then what did happen?
Rachel: Yeah, what did happen?
Joey: Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up 
and you thought I was proposing.
Rachel: Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"
Joey: No, I didnt!Rachel: Yes, you did!
Joey: No, I didnt!Rachel: Yes, you didOh my God you didnt! (Screams) Well then why 
didnt you tell me that before?!Joey: Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your 
breast out!
Ross: Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!
Joey: (To Ross) Ill tell you about it later. Be cool.Rachel: Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an 
engagement ring?!
Joey: It wasnt my ring! Its Rosss ring! Thats why I felt so bad 
Rach, because he was going to propose.Ross: What?!
Rachel: You were gonna propose to me?
Ross: Uhh No.(An awkward silence follows.)
Joey: Well, this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
Ross: But I-I was going to see if yknow, maybe you uh, start dating 
again but thatI mean that-that was all, Rach.Joey: Dude, step up! I proposed.
Ross: No, you didnt!Joey: Oh thats right. Theres a lot going on here and I think I ate 
some bad fruit earlier.(Theres a knock on the door and the Nurse enters carrying Emma.)Nurse: Hey, she just woke up! Shes hungry. Why dont we give this 
another try?Rachel: Okay.
Ross: (To Joey) I cant believe you told her I was going to 
propose!Joey: I cant believe youre not going to propose!Ross: Hey, Im not going to rush into anything!Joey: Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby 
with a woman I like to slow things down!
Rachel: Oh my God!
Ross: What?
Rachel: Shes doing it Look, shes breast-feeding look!Joey: (looking at the ceiling) Ah, its beautiful.Nurse: Ill come back for her later.Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Thank you. (The nurse exits.)
Rachel: Oh wow, this feels weird.
Ross: Good weird?
Rachel: Wonderful weird.
Joey: Yknow what you guys? Im uh, Im gonna go too. And uh, Im 
sorry about everything.Rachel: Honey dont worry, it was my mistake.Joey: No, Rach, I shouldve told you sooner. Its just thatMan! That 
kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)Rachel: Shes perfect.Ross: Were so lucky.Rachel: We really are.
Ross: Look, I-I know its not a proposal and I dont know where you 
are, but with everything thats been going on and with Emma andIve been 
feelingRachel: I know. I know. Ive feelingRoss: Yeah?
Rachel: Yeah. (Laughs nervously)
Ross: Okay, well, that Wow, okay, well, ummthen maybe, at least we 
can, we can talk about us again.Rachel: Yeah, maybe.
Ross: Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think yknow if weif Youre 
wearing the ring.(Pause.)
Rachel: Wh-whats that?Ross: And you told Phoebe you were engaged.
Rachel: Im sorry, what?Ross: When you thought Joey proposed diddid you say yes?Closing Credits
[Scene: Outside the Janitors Closet, there are people having sex and Mr. 
Geller is trying to give them some pamphlets.]Mr. Geller: Kids, I spoke to a doctor and picked up this pamphlets on 
how to get pregnant. (He slides them under the door.)
Monica: (walking by with Chandler.) Hey dad!
Chandler: Hey.
Mr. Geller: (pause) Sorry to bother you again, but could you pass my 
pamphlets back? (They do so.) Thank you.
End

